Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, the list of generic top-level domains will soon include .game and .games.
You may soon be able to get Bungie Ferretossings from yyr.games slash bungieferretossing.
There's more tangible news to come, and it all starts right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Did he pay for that spot? He paid for that spot, right?
Oh hey, hi everybody, welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight with episode number 640 of our show for May the 8th of 2016.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me on Twitter, at Skie, S-K-I-E.
And joining me in studio, welcome back, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Sup? Hey, how you doing? Welcome back. How you feeling?
I feel a lot better, now that I no longer have viral laryngitis.
Like, you can't go be around people, because you're contagious.
Like, you realize I've already been out shopping on my birthday. You have a disease.
So, I just, I said, okay sure, I was like out two days of work, and I missed money.
My paycheck was dismal. But hey, I went to Karthy Circle and got the World of Color three course meal deal.
And you made Dan pay for it, because it's your birthday.
Comes out the same place.
And then we also, though, I got to try wine from the Lassiter Vineyard. It's pretty damn good.
I was going to ask, how was Disneyland? Although, you were technically at Disneyland, but it's all still Disneyland to me.
I was at California Avenger. It was really fun.
If you went to Hollywood Studios, I would still say you were at Disney World.
We didn't really ride much, though. We just sort of hung out.
Really?
Because it was Bats Day and Dapper Day, so I was all bat-stout. It looked like I was dressed like high school.
You know, the only thing I was missing was like a huge flannel shirt to wear over my all black ensemble.
You know, I had raccoon eyes going on, because it was all black makeup.
Ah, fun.
But yeah, it was pretty cool.
Now, I'm surprised you didn't wait and go this weekend when you could have done DragCon as well.
Although, I don't know if Dan would have had a great time at DragCon.
Dan probably wouldn't have had a great time at DragCon. He barely.
The only thing that I think Dan knows from all of my Drag Race watching and YouTubing is, really, Queen?
Because he thinks Bianca Del Rio is funny.
Bianca Del Rio is funny.
I know.
You don't have to be any-
She has inspired my speed dial of spite.
Alright, well hopefully we'll keep the gaming companies away from your speed dial of spite later on.
I must point this out. Victoria just posted a picture of Dax Exclamation Point, who is not dressed as Storm.
She's dressed as Emma Frost.
Oh.
Pretty nice.
And for those that don't know, because I imagine there might be a lot of video game people that find this podcast that really don't know a lot about Drag Queens.
The people in the comics.
Well that's true, but Dax Exclamation Point is a drag queen who is a big nerd.
And specializes in Storm cosplay.
Yes.
Like every iteration of Storm.
Mm-hmm.
That bitch is done.
And now she's busting out Emma Frost. It's like, we didn't expect that.
Alright.
It's okay.
So, did you get to play any games on your trip when you were-
I left my DS in the hotel room.
Okay, I was gonna say Disneyland has arcade games and-
Not anymore.
Toy Story is-
We did Toy Story. I beat Dan.
Oh, that's important.
Because I had like a 47% accuracy and he had a 12.
Mm-hmm.
Didn't they have a phone game at one point where like if your GPS showed that you were at Disney California Adventure in front of the ride or something, you got like a bonus unlock?
I seem to remember that was a thing.
That-
I don't know.
It was something. I played Ingress at Disneyland.
Of course.
And-
Because everything's a portal at Disneyland.
There are a fuckload of portals. Oh my god.
And then, um-
Just think of all the Pokemon you'll be able to get there soon when Pokemon GO comes out.
I know.
Um, and then, um, I did play some Animal Crossing and then I actually have beat Danganronpa and I'm on Danganronpa 2 or as it was in Japan, Super Danganronpa 2.
Well, don't give away your gaming week just yet.
Oh.
We gotta, we gotta still introduce-
Oh, I forgot.
Over here.
She's just-
After a couple weeks off, you kind of forgot how this show works. That's okay.
Alright. No one can see my favorite accessory now.
Your new fan that you have.
Uh, you, uh, you do remember we take calls and everything at the end of the show, right?
You do emails? Do you remember that you read emails?
Who does email anymore?
So, 2002.
Alright, say hello everybody over there to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Fine.
Hello.
Um, I don't know. Angry?
Angry? What's wrong? Did I, did I, did I anger you?
No, you didn't anger me.
Oh, good.
The world angered me.
The world?
I was in a perfectly good mood leaving my house.
Are you mad about the Mighty No. 9 thing? I mean, people should be used to this by now, right?
Oh, I'm talking about, like, I decided, because, you know, I have a Gear VR.
Uh-huh.
And Minecraft came out for, you know, the Gear VR.
Minecraft requires a Bluetooth controller.
Okay.
That should be pretty simple to get, considering that, you know, they're pushing those Gear VRs.
There's a ton of them out there now.
Yeah.
I mean, they were including them with all the pre-orders for the Galaxy S7, the S, you know, S6.
It's been available for a while and all that stuff.
And you would think, you know, a major game like Minecraft that requires a controller.
Those are pretty plentiful out there.
Nobody fucking has a goddamn fucking controller!
Even goddamn Best Buy, which, I swear to God, they have, like, a section for, like, they have a million fucking cases and headphones.
But they have one fucking controller for iOS.
That does me no fucking good.
Same with fucking Target.
One fucking controller.
I go to fucking Game Software damn controller, because they carry iPads and bullshit like that all the time.
But no!
We don't carry fucking controllers to our goddamn store.
But you could go online and order one from our website.
I'm like, if I'm going fucking online to order one, I'm not ordering from your fucking website.
Try to warn me before you do that next time.
I literally just had to move your volume meter down, like, halfway.
I'm feeling the heat.
I'll have to fix that in post-production.
So yes, I haven't found a controller yet, because no one fucking carries goddamn Bluetooth controllers for fucking Android.
It's a Bluetooth fucking universal goddamn format.
But oh, fuck me, you can't possibly make a goddamn controller for an Android system.
You know, because there's no fucking Android devices out there ever.
What about, like, Amazon?
I want to go to a fucking store and pick it up.
If I wanted to order it online, we wouldn't be having this conversation.
But these are electronic stores that should fucking have electronics.
This is what happens when you close every Radio Shack.
They have, like, Gear V. They sell fucking Gear VRs there.
It's like, I mean, I don't understand what the point is.
Let's have them do the order for you.
Over at our chatroom over at live.vog.network.com.
Because as you tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network, vog.network.com.
6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And in our chatroom, people just saying, you're not looking hard enough.
Target is a big answer.
Bullshit. I went to all the Targets in the area.
They each had the same fucking controller for iOS.
Not compatible with the fucking Android.
Huh. Interesting.
I went to Walmarts. They did not have them there either.
The only place I have not been is Fry's yet.
Alright. So, Loki clapbacking.
Yeah. Yes, he did check at Target.
Interesting.
Wow.
So, you've gone to every, you can't find a stinking controller.
That is a little weird. I would have gone online at this point.
Although, I understand the frustration that sometimes you want it now.
So, huh.
And then, you know, older Bluetooth controllers do not pair my phone.
Because I'm a Galaxy S6.
They're different now.
Like, I have an old Moga controller that used to pair my old Galaxy S2.
It does not work on this controller anymore.
Or at least, take that back.
It doesn't work for anything that's not using their app.
I want something generic that just, okay, it's a Bluetooth controller.
It pairs with the phone. Done. That's it.
Some folks in chat suggesting an Ouya controller?
Okay. The controller's a fucking shit.
So, I'm not gonna buy one.
It's still gotta be a somewhat decent controller, right?
They have, like, a SteelSeries controller that just came out.
The one that they had at Best Buy was the SteelSeries XL.
But it's for iOS.
I'm like, why is a Bluetooth controller fucking operating system dependent?
It's Bluetooth. It's a fucking format.
Bluetooth devices sync to all things except Bluetooth.
But for some reason, they locked it down. Thank you very much, Apple.
Alright, well, check the chat.
Because some of the chatters have some ideas for you there.
But I don't know if they're gonna help with the local stuff.
Which, apparently, there is a drought in California, not just water.
Yeah, see, the Moga controllers have a switch.
Yeah, the new Moga controllers do. I have the old one.
The old one does not have a switch.
If it was the old one or the new one, yeah, I'd be...
I can fucking flip a switch and we're good to go.
But that's the thing. It's like, those controllers have been out forever.
Nobody carries them. Nobody.
It's like, come on. I mean, you would think you would have, like, a controller.
You're selling these devices that, you know, are for gaming and stuff.
I mean, what the hell do you think you're gonna control the Gear VR with?
It seems like it's a big thing. It's like you think, hmm.
People are probably gonna be a little bit excited about Minecraft on the Gear VR.
That's a pretty major game.
But fuck if you can actually play it because there's no controllers.
We don't sell them in our stores.
I'm kind of surprised you can't use, like, an Xbox One controller.
You can't sync a PlayStation... I wanted to sync a PlayStation 4 DualShock.
Yeah.
You can't do it unless I root my phone.
Huh. Well.
Sadly, online may end up being faster than hunting in person.
Especially if you've torn up most of the shows.
That's stupid.
No, I know, I know. It's weird. A little weird.
Alright, well anyway, whew. You're very upset over there.
Alright, well hopefully you're able to calm down a little bit.
Can we get into the news and our gaming weeks and all that stuff.
Oh, and then stupid, you know.
What is it? Gym Boys over here has to be closed.
That was Craig and Taco.
So we're all...
We're way out of the way for Gym Boys.
I'm like, ah, you fucking kidding me.
All Loki wanted to feel better was the Taco.
And then, turns out, by the way, it didn't just close.
It closed like six months ago.
Well, I don't drive that way, so, you know, how am I supposed to know?
Stoppy in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says,
The World vs. Loki.
That's how it feels this week, right, Loki?
Alright, anyhow, our kickoff topic tonight.
I want to say a very happy Mother's Day.
To all the gaming moms out there who might be listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
And, of course, mom type figures as well and pet mommies and kid mommies
and anybody who might be a mother in any sort of way.
A big happy Mother's Day to ya.
And I thought maybe we could talk briefly a little bit here at the top of the show before we get into the gaming weeks.
Maybe a memory about maybe how our mom might have influenced our gaming ways
or maybe a particular gaming memory that we might have, including our mom.
DarkSakura, I know you've got to have some stories about your mom.
Oh, lord. So, I get a Nintendo from my dad.
NES. Gray gun, mind you, because the gray one was the better one.
Get it home. I go to school, I come home, and my mom is trying to beat Super Mario Brothers.
I'm like, Mama, that's mine. It's in my house.
Technically, it's in Grandmom's house. Shut up. How do you do this one?
I love that even as a child, you're pulling technicalities on your mother.
That is so you. That is so you.
My favorite was the one where you threatened to call somebody on her and report her or something like that.
No. When my mom tried to ground me and she took my TV, so I went and got it back.
And she's like, I took that away from you for a reason. I was like, yeah, but you didn't buy it. It belongs to me.
It was theft.
That's right. No, one time I got paddled, and I told the teacher who was paddling me that I was going to call Child Protective Services.
She didn't paddle me again.
All right, so back to the gaming.
So, my mom was really, really good at Super Mario Brothers, and I had Dr. Mario, and she got really good at that.
So just be like, I'd come home from school, and if Mom wasn't working, she'd be like in my bedroom playing my Nintendo.
I was like, Mama? So one year she comes like, I'm going to get your brothers a present.
Now, you think they'd want a Genesis or a Super Nintendo?
They want a Super Nintendo.
And you ain't just saying that because you won't play it, right?
No.
So she got the Super Nintendo, and guess who played it? Me.
Guess whose bedroom it was set up in? Mine.
So, yep.
That was my Super Nintendo.
Awesome.
And then when they moved to Arizona, they took it with them, and I was like, fuck.
So, I go to Arizona to visit my mom, and my grandmom, poor grandmom, she pulled out her back.
She was lying in bed, and here I am with the volume way down trying to beat Link to the Past again.
So, Mom's like, you're going to wake up Grandmom.
I was like, no, I'm not. She's asleep.
Grandmom's like, I like the music.
That was before Grandmom died.
So, Grandmom would just be like, I have no idea what you're doing, but I like the music in it. That's pretty.
And that was it.
That's good, though, a fondness for the video game music.
There are some great composings that are in 8-bit games.
I mean, everybody knows the Mario Brothers theme, the Zelda theme, the Metroid theme.
I mean, a lot of that stuff is legendary.
Yeah.
Awesome. Well, thank you for sharing.
My pleasure.
Okay, so I've called my mom here on OLR before. I'm not going to do it today, sorry.
I already called her earlier today, but some folks have been listening to OLR for a long time.
I know my mom is pretty hilarious when it comes to video games, especially the stuff that's very violent and over the top.
She just thinks it's disgusting, but she's laughing while she's saying it.
That's so gross, you know, type of thing.
But, yeah, I remember my mom was not a big fan of me playing video games all the time,
but I think she kind of got it that video games were what I did to kind of stay out of trouble sort of thing.
So she always kind of had a love-hate relationship, I think, with it.
But I know sometimes I would have to actually play video games in her bedroom because we had two TVs in the house.
We had the one in the living room, and she got one in her bedroom.
So I didn't get a TV in my room, and at the time we had like a Commodore 64 setup,
and that was before I was probably still too young to realize that I could have probably hooked up the Nintendo to the Commodore 64 monitor,
because I did that years later when I figured that out, but at that time I didn't realize that.
So if I wanted to play Nintendo, I had to do it in my mom's bedroom.
Or actually, the memory I really have is with the Atari 2600, and I remember my dad was like,
you can't play on the TV because I want to watch, he's trying to watch PBS or something, I don't know.
And so I ended up, my mom let me play in her room, and she's just kind of watching,
and she's like, she just kind of has like that look of confusion on her face, like I don't get it.
What do you do? What is that? What are you doing? Why is this fun? Isn't this boring?
Like she's just kind of like, kind of judging it, but yet she's still just kind of sitting in her chair watching,
like she doesn't get up or go do anything else, she's just kind of watching like,
I don't get it yet, I can't stop watching you controlling, I think I was probably playing Pac-Man or Spider-Man,
or one of those old Atari 2600 games, and I remember that.
But the other one that I definitely remember playing with my mom, because she would get into this,
is that on the Commodore 64, I used to have a ton of game show influenced games,
like Wheel of Fortune, Family Feud, Jeopardy, God what else,
Classic Concentration, like pretty much any game show, because I loved game shows as a kid, and I really still do,
and so when they made game shows into video games, I was like, hey, two worlds colliding.
So I remember she used to play Family Feud with me, and that was fun,
is that she would play and give me the answers, and then she would,
when something wasn't up on the board and she got a strike or something, she's like,
oh come on, what are you talking, oh come on, Rob, the computer's cheating, Rob,
how does it know all, it just knows all the answers, how do you know it's not just,
how do you know it's not stacked against you, Rob, how do you know it's not just telling you the right answer,
so it beats you every time, Rob. So, you know, she got a little upset that she would lose all the time.
And there was some trivia game that we used to play a lot on the Commodore 64,
I don't remember the name of it unfortunately, because trivia games I'm sure were a dime a dozen,
but it was a very, you know, you remember in the 80s, Trivial Pursuit was all the rage,
so of course they tried to make knockoffs on Commodore 64, so we had one of them,
and we used to play that game too, and she would also get mad when she got the wrong answers in that.
There was one I used to play on the Apple IIe, that it would like tell you congratulations on the most outdated,
outdated methods, like 21 Skidoo, or Wowie Zowie, and all this other stuff,
I don't remember what the game was called though, but you made me think of it.
Go to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, I see Ziba quoting an earlier phone call from my mom,
Rob, that's gross, or no, that was when I was filming her watching me play Mortal Kombat.
Moms react to Mortal Kombat, and she was not enjoying that very much.
Let's see, SSJ100Matt says, my mom also had a love-hate relationship with it when I was a kid.
Sometimes she'll be watching me play, other times she's throwing out my games for doing poorly in school.
Oh yeah, definitely, I always, well the Nintendo was a reward for me getting straight A's to begin with,
so, and then my grades all went downhill from there, just kidding, maybe.
Stopy in chat says, the same confusion I have when my nephew plays Minecraft is probably the same my parents had
when they saw me play on NES.
Perhaps, I mean, I kind of get Minecraft now, but I am very surprised that kids enjoy Minecraft.
I'm always, I always kind of feel like Minecraft might have a lot more depth,
but I'm always amazed that kids, like, are super into Minecraft, it's like, no joke.
A lot of kids that play games are playing the crap out of Minecraft.
You know, a couple months ago on the show at this point now, we had Julian, who knew more about Minecraft than I did.
That kid.
I'm telling you, he's taking over.
And Pirate101.
He's taking over the show when I finally retire.
Alright, Loki, do you have a memory?
No.
No?
I do not.
Does your mom never support your video game habit, or what?
She's kind of neutral, so.
Neutral?
Yep.
She never got involved, never played anything?
Never played anything.
Really?
Alright.
She just kind of, kind of kept a watchful eye from a distance, I suppose.
Does your dad, your dad got into it though, right?
I still remember you.
He says he wasn't into video games, but he's the one that bought all the fucking video games, so I don't believe that for a second.
I don't know, we went to the video game world championship.
Oh yeah.
No, not video game world championship, it was Nintendo World or something like that?
In 1990?
Nintendo World?
Yeah.
Yeah, in Oakland.
So they took me to that.
That's cool.
But, I don't know, not really playing any games or anything.
I don't remember anything in particular.
My dad would take me to see those video game movies.
Like, he took me to see The Wizard.
He took me to see, well I guess it's not really a video game, but he took me to see Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
By the time Mortal Kombat was out, I was old enough to go by myself.
I didn't really have my dad, but I'm trying to think of other video game movies from when I was younger.
Because Super Mario Brothers I never did see.
And I guess I made the right call.
I never saw that movie, and it sounds by every practical purpose that was the right call to not bother with that.
So, hmm.
Anyway.
S2 and Hunter Matt says, Loki's mom kept her distance to avoid his young Loki rants.
Were you the type that would throw the controller across the room, Loki?
No.
No?
Dan did that once.
Did he?
He crushed a Playstation controller with his bare hands.
Oh my god.
Put it back in the box and returned it.
That's not nice.
No, he was like 19.
Oh, well, still, not nice.
Yeah.
Alright.
Let's see.
One more comment here from the chat over at Live.VogueNetwork.com.
Sky, did you do the thing where you waited till your parents were sleeping, then you'd turn on the TV and console and continue playing your video games?
Probably more often when I had that in my room.
But by that point, the Game Boy was out.
And that was the one that, you know, they really couldn't stop me from playing, was the Game Boy.
Although, you might remember with the original Game Boy, there was no backlight or anything.
So you had to have the lights on to be able to play Game Boy, or they sold those crappy little clips that would like go on top of the Game Boy and it was a screen magnifier slash light.
Yeah.
Remember those crappy little things?
I had that.
Yeah.
So I had one of those, but it was still really hard to play in the pitch dark.
For him not being into video games, he sure bought me a lot of stuff, including obscure systems like the Atari Lynx.
Yeah.
Well, my dad was super into tech, so I think sometimes he liked to buy that stuff just because I think, in a way, he was enabling me.
And I think that's what he wanted to do.
Maybe.
Like, the Commodore 64 was always intended as a family thing, but I used that thing way more than anybody else.
He got it granted when it came down to, you know, he wanted to do a spreadsheet or something.
He had his programs that he used.
He was into genealogy for a long time.
He got more into that after he retired, but he was into it a while ago and he had those programs on Commodore 64 as well.
But then, like, I remember there were some of them that he would, like, I knew how to use them better than him, so he would just tell me what to do.
So, anyway.
Alright, hope you guys enjoyed some of those memories.
Let's see, some comments from chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
SSG100Matt says, my mom would sneak into my room in the middle of the night to play Mario Brothers and Tetris.
TigerKlaw says, I remember times I played a video game till it was very late at night, which caused you to lose a few hours of sleep, and then you feeling all drowsy in school.
Oh, I'm sure video games have caused me to have problems in school from staying up too late.
Even though my mom was usually pretty good at keeping a watchful eye on it, sometimes she would slack off and, yeah, I would end up playing the video game for a very, very, very long time.
Excuse me.
Sorry guys, you might remember on last week's show I was a little bit sick, and the good news is I'm mostly over it, but Radio Guy's worst fear is having a coughing fit, so sorry about that.
Anyway, we're going to now get into how is your gaming week and talk a little bit about the video games we've been playing this week, the new stuff, and then we'll get into the news as well for the week.
So Dark Sakura, I know you started to get into it a little bit a minute ago, but how else was your gaming week?
It was really just mostly Danganronpa 2 and some Animal Crossing and Ingress, and R-Type, I played some R-Type, and we're still going through Shovel Knight, Dan and I are.
Finished Twilight Princess HD, which was pretty cool. The ending, of course, always makes me cry, and, um, did I say Ingress? Because I'm going to say Ingress again, because I just feel like I've been doing nothing to play that, and Heroes of Dragon Age.
Oh, and of course, Miitomo, because I'm still checking every day, because I have a few people who are just absolutely fascinating to chat with for their questions, so I've just been using these as, like, chat rooms. It's pretty funny.
Well, but you can't really do, like, live chat or anything, you know, you can't provide the questions that are going to be asked or anything.
You just ignore the topic. Go off on your own subject.
Oh, you mean in the little responses?
Yeah.
Oh, okay, I got you.
You don't have to stay on topic.
Yeah, no, you're right, because, like, there was even one where we were going back and forth on it a little bit.
Yeah.
Oh, you said, the best day of my life was when you moved to California, and I replied and put, and the second best day was when you met me.
I said, girl, you know it.
And then we were going back and forth with Drag Queen references from Trixie and Katya, our mothers.
That's it. I wonder if we could just write them and say, hey, we're not exactly doing drag, but be our moms anyway.
Actually, I hear that they're a little sick of being called that, but anyway.
Really?
That's for another day. Yeah, yeah. Anyway, so anything else with your game a week?
Um, no.
Nope. All right.
I wish that there was a game that would reward me with pie.
A game that would reward you with pie?
Real pie.
Like, oh, you've beaten the game, and then, ding dong, here's your pie.
Here's a coupon for a pie, or maybe an MMO where you can type slash pie to order pie.
But dude, they don't have a pie delivery service, and pizza pie doesn't count.
But there's a takeout taxi or whatever they call it out here where you can get Cheesecake Factory to deliver.
Oh, hey.
I know, right?
None of that stuff delivers all the way out here where I live, though.
You know, well, I live in, well, you know where I live.
Yeah, further away.
In the boons.
They're not quite boons.
There's chain restaurants out there, though. I'm sure you don't have a problem.
Yeah, but we don't have the Cheesecake Factory.
But we do have a Sally's.
And then I can just, like, wear so much makeup that I can't move my face, and so I can't eat the pie.
So it won't matter as much.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't play a whole ton. I just mainly played Enter the Gungeon, and...
You keep meaning to buy that, and I keep forgetting.
I did purchase, even though I'm not really sure if I really wanted all the games, but...
I did purchase that Nintendo Humble Bundle, so I have more things on the Wii U at least.
It looked okay. I mean, we'll have to try some of those.
But it was inexpensive.
And I've been trying to hold off on buying other games, because they do have Deadpool on sale right now, and...
I may want to pick that up.
Trying to behave.
It's just like, I don't want to buy it, because I'm not going to play it.
Maybe I'll just wait for more stuff to come out.
The first level of it? Like, after you leave his house?
It's funny, but the camera's really screwed up in it.
I watched all the cutscenes already, so, you know.
Well, there you go.
It looks like a funny game, but yeah.
I do like the air guitar in the elevator.
Anything else for your gaming week?
That was it.
For my gaming week, I guess piggybacking off what Loki was talking about,
I also bought that Humble Nintendo Bundle, which, reminder to our live audience at least,
I think it's over tomorrow morning.
So by the time most of you hear the podcast, unfortunately, that Nintendo Bundle's probably done.
I don't know if one of you can check the timer on that.
But for those of you listening live, if you haven't got it yet, that Nintendo Humble Bundle is still going.
It is a pretty good deal.
You know, again, it's not Nintendo titles, but it's some indie stuff that's really worth checking out.
And I actually did spend a bit of time playing one of the games in the bundle this week
because I didn't really realize it was there until I bought it.
And I was like, oh, this game! Oh my God!
Like, I wanted to get this game and I never did.
And that is Rhythm Thief on 3DS because that is, you know, it's a music game
and, you know, I always am going to have a soft spot for those.
So yeah, if you didn't realize, Rhythm Thief, the full version for 3DS by Sega,
which kind of unfortunately came and went.
You know, I remember when it came out and then I don't know how well it sold.
So here's a great second chance to go back and check it out because, you know,
they have a lot of like 3D movies and animations
and there's a whole story that goes behind it between the little dancing scenes.
And it's kind of like silly, cheesy, but fun.
So, you know, especially for the price with this whole bundle thing,
I mean, check it out just for Rhythm Thief if nothing else.
So yeah, I was playing a bit of that.
Which, how would I describe how it plays?
It uses the touch pad so like when you want to go like down or do a twirl or left or right.
You kind of just trace the motions.
But I wouldn't say it's like Elite Beat Agents either.
It's kind of a little more like a combination of maybe like Space Channel 5,
but instead of just 2 or whatever, you're drawing the directions.
I would say maybe that's the closest thing I can think of.
Which makes sense because they're both Sega.
So there you go.
So yeah, check out Rhythm Thief if nothing else.
But there's other stuff in the bundle too that I'm looking forward to getting to play.
So yeah, again, if you haven't picked up the bundle yet,
I would really urge you to.
But unfortunately, by the time you hear the podcast, it may be too late.
So sorry, hope you didn't make an angry face because you just realized you missed it.
But maybe there'll be another bundle worth your time or something. Who knows?
I wish they would do more of those for console games.
Yeah.
Like Sony would be nice.
Yeah, well, you know, I don't...
I mean, they do really good deals on there.
Here's the thing, though, is that you do have to realize the game makers have to make money as well.
And I don't know how much they make off these bundles,
especially if you have a lot of people that donate a lot of the money to charity.
Which is great. I mean, not that charity is a bad thing,
but the game makers do have to profit off their games or they're not going to be able to pay their employees.
I think a lot of these games have been out for a while.
And it doesn't matter any profit you're making off of it at this point because it's digital.
Yeah, and that's where I'm like, okay, well, usually by the time these games end up in a bundle,
it's like round two or round three even, especially with a game like Rhythm Thief.
Like Rhythm Thief had come and gone.
And they had Super Street Fighter IV, which was like a launch title.
Yeah, that's true. Oh, I forgot. I actually didn't pay enough to get that.
No, I didn't either because I was like, I don't have a 3DS and it was Darksiders II.
And I was like, eh, I've already got this on a few different platforms.
Yeah, I think I have it on Steam already and I was like, eh, I don't really need it on Wii U.
And I already have Super Street Fighter II because that was actually one of the launch titles I bought.
So there you go. Or Street Fighter II. Street Fighter IV, hello.
Okay, so other games that I played this week besides Rhythm Thief.
I've been continuing on with Diablo III because season six started.
I'm already like Paragon 60 or something because once you start getting your set pieces rolling in, man,
I'm playing a Demon Hunter and I can just tear through things now on like Torment V and the XP just starts rolling in.
I can probably actually do Torment VI at this point. I might try to do some of that a little bit tonight.
Still continuing with Final Fantasy XIV as well. I play Ingress like these other nerds here too.
I went on a little trip yesterday to go visit a friend and get some portals in a new area.
And then also I was playing the Overwatch Beta. It was kind of a big deal this weekend.
If you haven't checked out the Overwatch Beta, time is just about out.
Again, podcast feed, you're not going to be able to get to it. Live listeners, you can download it tonight and play for a few hours,
but it's done at 10 a.m. tomorrow. And at that point you're going to have to buy the game.
So, okay, so the Overwatch Beta. I have kind of mixed feelings on it.
I really don't think it's a bad game at all. In fact, I think for what it is, it's extremely well polished.
It's like you're playing a game like Team Fortress 2, obviously.
When I'm playing a character like Mercy, it's like you are playing the medic from Team Fortress 2 pretty much without the invincibility thing.
I mean, that's really all it is. But there's such a coat of polish on it.
It's like you're watching a movie. I mean, the characters are phenomenal and so well-rounded.
Blizzard really excels at character design, I think. And that's how they're able to have a game like Heroes of the Storm that does a lot of this too.
And the characters are so memorable, they put them in more than one game.
So do they have any of the Overwatch characters come in the Heroes of the Storm?
Tracer is either arriving or has just arrived. I think Tracer was out in the past couple weeks or so.
And I'm sure she will not be the last. I'm sure many of these Overwatch characters will cross over in Heroes of the Storm.
Like Winston, the ape with the glasses. Oh, come on. It's only a matter of time. He'll be the next one for sure.
I mean, some of these characters are already iconic. I have a lot of friends who love D.Va, the girl with the tank.
The mech. Excuse me, she has the mech. Mei is great as well. Does the giant ice walls.
I love Mercy and I love Symmetra. That's why I like to play. In fact, in one of the matches I was playing with my friends, we did double Symmetra.
So Symmetra just puts turrets everywhere. That's all she does. So we were defending and so myself and it was Extrovert's partner Matt were both playing Symmetra.
And we just both loaded up each side with turrets. And as people would try to run in, they'd just get fried by the turrets. It was hilarious.
And so when I was playing with friends, I was actually having a really good time.
Here's where I see the problem is. Overwatch, I feel like, is going to be one of those games that for the first couple weeks when everybody's playing it will be a lot of fun.
And then dead because my friends will have moved on to something else because we all have gamer ADD.
And then it's like, oh, well, I could play with strangers, which I'm not really into doing. I could do the AI thing, which is okay, but there's no single player mode.
And I really think a game like Overwatch that is so focused on the character design and has developed these movies and things that they're just putting out on YouTube and putting out in other places.
And doing these movie things for like a Coke sponsored thing that's going to be in theaters and all this stuff.
Like, I'm really surprised they didn't take time to flesh some of that out into a single player mode because it could have been epic.
I mean, even if it was just kind of like generic arena matches against the CPU that would reward you with really great cut scenes and things like I wish they had at least done that.
If nothing else, I really think the potentialness of what I'm looking for in a game like Overwatch really suffers because there is no single player mode.
And it makes me not really want to drop $60 on it for two weeks of thrill.
And I kind of got into this on Twitter and some people are saying like, you know, games don't have to have the single player mode.
And I'm like, you're right, they don't.
I always worry about multiplayer games like that too that are multiplayer only because you're reliant on a server to be there.
And who's to say that, oh, we're just going to pull the servers for this eventually?
That's a good point although Blizzard I would say is a little more reliable than say EA in that capacity.
I mean, Blizzard is still supporting Diablo 2 for fuck's sake with a patch.
So I trust Blizzard more than I would trust other companies to keep that going for a long time.
I'll give them that.
So I'm not going to penalize them on that point.
But I just, you know, I don't get that same thrill out of playing online against strangers that some people do.
And I recognize that.
And so again, I can't look at Overwatch and go, it's a bad game. It's not.
I think it's going to have huge esports followings and people are going to get a real kick out of it.
But I can also look at it and go, eh, it's probably not for me.
Heroes of the Storm, I'm really, really, really surprised they did not go for the Heroes of the Storm model with it.
Where the game would be free and you would have rotating characters but have to pay for some characters and some of this.
I'm really, really shocked because I think it would have made it last more with some of my friends if it was like a free thing.
That it's like, you know, oh, well it's free. Just come on and sign up and play.
Oh, I know the other thing that hurts it too in the whole trying to line up and play with my friends.
PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC are not cross platform.
And that's a problem.
I'm going to have some friends that get it on PS4.
I'm going to have some that get it on PC and some that get it on Xbox One.
And if, you know, either I have to buy all three to play with everybody, which I'm sorry is not going to happen.
Or, you know, I kind of have to make a choice and then some of my friends I just don't get to play with.
So I really wish they had considered cross platform with it.
I do understand, just before somebody, you know, corrects me on it in chat.
I understand there was some talk and some feedback that it was felt that PC players because of keyboard and mouse had an advantage over PlayStation.
And so I suppose, you know, I can understand that.
I still wish there had been a choice that maybe, like, you can cross platform with friends if you want to.
Well, then support keyboard and mouse.
Yeah, on PlayStation 4, yeah.
I mean, how hard is that?
It's not. You can do it on Final Fantasy XIV on PS4.
Oh, it's unfair. Well, then support keyboard and mouse.
I don't really understand why you can't support keyboard and mouse anyways for pretty much anything. I think that would be great.
Alright, I'm finally looking over in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see, Dungeon Buster says, I played with someone that used D.Va and unlocked the Is This Easy mode taunt and used it in every single round.
Let's see, also we have Dungeon Buster who says, it's a nice slice of the game and I enjoyed what I played but I'm not really into multiplayer only games.
Tiger Claw says, Overwatch will be one of those games you will hear a lot in esports.
ActDef says, you're asking too much for something like a game like Overwatch.
But that's the difference between Team Fortress 2 and Overwatch. Team Fortress 2 offered the same for cheaper years ago.
I could say the same for Splatoon kinda and Splatoon offered a single player campaign.
Yeah, and that's kind of been my answer.
Can you imagine if they did an orange box or whatever of Blizzard stuff?
Hey, we're gonna throw in some Starcraft 2, we're gonna have Diablo 3, Overwatch, and hell, we'll throw in some World of Warcraft.
Here's the thing though, and don't hear me wrong, Team Fortress 2 is awesome and has its own things that make it great.
But it is an aging game. Overwatch does take the Team Fortress thing and really pushes it to the next level with, I would say, better characters than Team Fortress 2.
And yet I acknowledge Team Fortress 2 had great character design. Overwatch is actually better.
It's a great game. Too bad that Valve's unable to make third games in series, so we're not gonna get any more Team Fortress games.
And the lack of single player thing in Team Fortress 2 didn't bother me. Why? Because it was free.
And it was very easy to just, you know, oh it's free, I'll download this on a Friday night.
And even when it wasn't, it was in the orange box, which was an incredible deal anyways.
That's very true. Very, very true. Let's see, other comments from chat.
Stoppy in chat says, I'm not interested in Overwatch as a MOBA, but as a story driven campaign, I'd be all over that like spray tan on Trump.
Yeah, that's pretty good. I feel very similar. I think I would have preordered that today if it had had a single player campaign.
Interesting, also Dungeon Busters says, Quake 3 was fun back in the day, but the mods made it worth playing in the long term for me.
Oh, and that's something you won't have in Overwatch, is mods.
You're not really gonna be able to do that on console, and I'm sure through the whole Battle.net front end and all that, you're not gonna be able to do that on PC either, because it's always online basically.
Interesting. Let's see, also Kaijuto says, I've been playing the Overwatch beta. I'm 50-50 with it. It looks cool and it has some fun characters, but the modes are gonna get old fast.
They don't have enough content for a $60 game. It should be $40.
Alright, there you go. That was my thoughts on Overwatch.
Again, it's hard because I look at it and I go, this game is like fucking awesome, but it's just not what I'm looking for.
It's tough, it's tough. Anyway, some housekeeping before we get into tonight's gaming news.
Follow us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange launch radio. We're also on Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r.
And that's really all I got for right now. I don't know of any special events or anything coming up that we're doing.
Dragon Con is months and months away. I should mention this, because this is fast approaching.
Bobby Blackwolf is going to be at the Southern Fried Game Room Expo that's going to be in Atlanta.
And VOG Networks is actually going to be a sponsor of this.
And it's going to be from June 10th through 12th this year in the Atlanta area.
I'm trying to remember exactly where it's at. It's not one of the downtown places that I'm used to.
It's the Renaissance Atlanta Waverly is where it's going to be at.
And you can check that. That's a lot like, it sounds like the more and more I read about the Southern Fried Game Room Expo,
it sounds a lot like kind of what we have with California Extreme out here.
There's a lot of similarities between that, where they have all the old school arcade games and a ballroom or a place.
And they do some panels. They have some, you know, celebs from classic gaming history and so forth.
That'll be fun. So check that out.
Bobby points out it's the same weekend as Anime Weekend Atlanta.
Or, I'm sorry, same location, not same weekend. Sorry.
Apparently I'm still sick in some ways.
All right. Let's get into some gaming news for the week. We're going to start it off with Loki.
So there's a rumor or at least another bit of a rumor that was going towards the Nintendo NX not having an optical drive.
This is coming from, I guess, a report from a Japanese website called Moneylink.
And they're talking about this company, Macronix, who manufactures ROM chips that are used in some of the different 3DS cartridges and that type of thing.
And they're having a comment from the company saying that they're expecting that the ROM sales are going to increase in the latter half of the year.
And we'll have a large growth potential because of this new console that's coming out in March.
So it's kind of odd that if this is a console that's going to be using optical media that this company would be saying that they're expecting to have an increase in sales on these chips that are basically used for cartridges.
If it's not going to be using these cartridges.
To which I say, I don't care which format these things are on as long as I don't have to buy a proprietary memory card format.
And maybe there are some advantages to them. Maybe they're faster than optical media. Maybe something like using solid state drives instead of actual platter drives or something like that.
Maybe the fact they'll be harder to copy. Please.
I'm not saying they won't. I didn't say they won't be copyable. I just said they'll be harder to copy.
It's not even an issue. That's the thing. Don't even bother with doing a proprietary format like that. It's not going to matter.
Seriously, it's not going to matter. People will find a way to copy it.
I don't think that should be necessarily the issue.
My thing is that I don't know if these are going to be more expensive to manufacture because optical media is pretty damn cheap.
I don't know why you wouldn't use it, but I'm sure they have a reason for it.
Maybe because this system is smaller and so fitting a disk drive onto like...
Let's assume for a minute here that we're talking about a system that's basically going to look like the Wii U gamepad, but it's its own thing and has its own processor in it and you can take it with you.
Having an optical drive in that would probably not make much sense because it would eat up the fuck of the battery and also, you know, it's going to be huge.
So it makes sense to have like a little cartridge thing, kind of like the Vita does, you know, for their games.
But obviously it's going to need to be some sort of high capacity format because the games that are going to be on this are probably going to be much larger than a couple gigabytes.
They're going to be, you know, tens of gigabytes. So we'll see.
I thought maybe part of the reason they're going to get rid of the optical drive is so that they just have download only and make the move completely to digital.
Which I realize is highly controversial, but would not be the first time this rumor has come up either.
I don't know. I don't think that's a good idea.
I don't think it's a good idea either. I still think it's a little soon.
Because here's the thing with download only, you're basically, you have to figure, okay, who's selling these consoles?
Retailers are selling these consoles. If you don't have anything for them to sell, they're going to say, fuck you, we aren't selling your console because they're not making any money off that console.
They're making money off the software and what, are you going to sell them download codes?
Fuck that. I'm not going to go to the store to buy a download code. I'll just download it off the website or off of their storefront.
I'm not going to give Nintendo a pass or I wouldn't give Microsoft one when the Xbox one was first announced and that goes back to the whole equity in the game you buy and all that.
You know what's funny? We were talking about moms and all that. I did call my mom for Mother's Day today and she said,
Oh, your old video games ought to be worth a ton of money, huh? All those old video games. I'm like, actually, mom, you sold a lot of my old video games in a garage sale for $3 a piece.
She's like, Oh, well, too bad. Cause I guess she saw somewhere the old video games were selling now for a lot of money.
Yeah, it depends on what they are, but she, she seemed to know enough where like certain ones were selling for a lot of money.
I don't think she, I think, I think she hears that like one is going for a lot of money. So clearly I must have owned that one.
Yeah, because she, she just remembers she had to buy me every fucking game when I was a kid. So clearly I had that one game, right?
But anyway, my point is, is that, you know, I, you know, should be able to hold, even with CD based media.
Heck, if you were lucky enough to have a copy of sweet code and two or what, what the Castlevania on the symphony of the night on the Saturn or whatever the one for a ton of money.
I mean, there's still what, uh, there's Saturn games that go for tons of money.
You know, obviously with something like this is that you better make sure that the format that you're coming up with is going to be able to have the capacity to where that's not going to hinder the games that you're putting on it.
You know, don't make it like the Xbox 360 where you have, you know, basically DVD format that you can only fit so much on there.
You know, I'm assuming that these games are going to be bigger and stuff. Now we were talking like, you know, PlayStation four games and stuff for like 50 gigs, 60 gigs.
I mean, so that's a lot to fit on a little cartridge. So, I mean, I'm, I'm expecting this to be, you know, to work out.
I don't want this like, Oh yeah, fuck. We should have, you know, we really should have made it bigger, but we were fucking stupid.
You know, I let's, let's hope not, but I, you know, you, you could fit a lot on a, on a cartridge these days, so we'll, we'll see.
I mean, but of course, memory is, you know, going to have a price to it, but we'll see.
I mean, again, this is all just fucking rumors until we have something official from Nintendo at some point.
Um, but Akuma JP in chat over at live.fognetwork.com says no optical drive equals save energy, thinner console, less DOA.
And yeah, I, I definitely see the advantage. I mean, some people bitch that the PlayStation four is too slow with some of the loading times and having this type of light.
But, but, but with the optical, you know, thing not being there, it also doesn't, it kind of removes it from being like this universal device, you know, like for Blu-ray and that type of stuff.
Well, I, how many, well, I don't know if I should say this, but I'm going to, how many people are still going to be using Blu-ray in five years as Netflix and all the digital stuff is more and more of our lives?
I think a lot of people, because the, the bandwidth is still not such to where you can stream, you know, reliably like 4k or ultra HD content.
That's fair.
And, you know, especially with these devices, you know, going, you know, the Neo or whatever, pushing for this ultra HD, you know, content.
I would think that you would want the media to support that as well.
And I mean, maybe Nintendo realizes that, you know what, they're not going to be the only device in the living room.
And if not having to license the Blu-ray stuff is going to save money on the console, then take a risk.
That's not a good stance.
I don't think that's a great stance at all.
Because if you're, if you're, if you're booked, you know, basically guaranteeing that your console is going to be a secondary console, why are you gunning for second place?
I mean, seriously gunning for second place.
That's where you got fucked on your fucking third party support.
Because fuck it.
You know what?
If you want third party support, you'll have a PlayStation 4 and Xbox one.
They can play the games that they can't run on the Wii U.
How well did that work out for you, Nintendo?
Not very fucking well.
I'm like half with you, but I still feel like, again, if Nintendo has this whole thing where the stuff that's on the drive can move to this portable unit.
And if that whole rumor turns out to be true, there's this synergy between a portable unit and the thing that maybe there's something where a movie that you get on Netflix, or maybe Nintendo plans to do their own thing, would be not only good in the TV realm, but something you can take with you on the go.
And maybe they're trying to do something that kind of competes with Blu-ray in that regard.
Well, here's what I want to see, okay?
You know, right now...
Ooh, wait, quickly, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Don't you remember when the 3DS was going to do movies?
It didn't end up doing it.
But remember, at one time, Nintendo wanted, they were showing off at E3 one year, it was like Tangled or something was on the 3DS cartridges.
No, it did do it a little bit.
So, maybe Nintendo's going to compete with Blu-ray with this cartridge format.
Yeah, but the...
Tinfoil haddish, but I'm throwing it out there.
The reason that was cool is because it was 3D movies.
And that was pretty awesome, because it was like, ooh, cool, I can watch my 3D movies without having to wear the glasses and everything.
So that's not a thing now, but...
I just think right now, we need to know more about the NX.
And the fact that they're not talking about it, and they're not going to show it off at E3...
Like, right now, my expectation is, you know, something like the Wii U, but it's basically a separate device.
I need to know what the hook is going to be on this, because right now, I'm not that excited about it.
Alright. Let's see, going to the chat for some more comments over at live.vognetwork.com.
Kaijuto says, Nintendo is going to have a video streaming app that runs Captain N 24x7.
I'd be totally okay with that, actually.
No, thank you.
I'd be totally okay with that.
Hopefully it would also run old episodes of the Super Mario Bros. Super Show.
I would totally be into that.
Newloser in our chatroom says, why would a manufacturer do this?
Optical storage is dirt cheap, and moving away from it would eat into their profit.
Depends on the form factor of the device.
Has Nintendo shown that they're willing to cut the price of the console by even 20 bucks by taking something out?
Like the whole, you know, when they took DVD playback out of that second Wii.
But it's not about that at all.
It's about, we don't know what the form factor of this device is going to be.
If it's a handheld type of device, then you can't really put an optical drive in that.
I mean, I guess you could.
I mean, you could put a laptop, you know, type drive.
But to be honest, I mean, it's going to be better to have some sort of cartridge-based, or some sort of, you know, flash ROM-based storage medium.
AkumaJP in chat says, cartridge used to be expensive, less storage, but not in these days.
That's right, that's a big part of the reason why everybody switched in the first place.
But yeah, times have changed quite a bit.
And then Rama in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, fuck it, the NX should use zip disks.
Rest in peace to all those old zip disks.
Those things were beasts.
Imagine what you could fit on something that size these days, though.
Something like, you know, depending on how much...
A hundred megabytes?
No, I mean like, take the same size and shape of a zip disk.
How much could you put on something that size these days?
I bet you could fit a ton.
And those things were not extraordinarily big. That could be the new cartridge.
But I still think if they're going cartridge, I have this funky feeling it's a cartridge that works on the NX for the TV, and it works on your portable NX.
That it's that small where it does both.
But we'll see.
This is all just fucking speculating until Nintendo shuts us down, which I wish they'd do sooner rather than later.
I really do.
Alright, let's move on, though. We got more stories to cover.
Dark Soccer, what do you got for us?
Well, I still like Miitomo. There are still people who like Miitomo.
I play it every day. I still play it every day, Dark Soccer.
I hate the fucking pinball thing.
No, I'm not even going to call it pinball, because that's disrespecting pinball.
It's more like Pachinko.
Yeah.
It's more...
Miitomo drop.
It's more bullshit, is what it is.
There's always something I want and I never get it, like the corndog hat, and it's bullshit.
I've managed to get most of the stuff I've wanted out of it.
I've spent a little, but I've gotten it.
In the gothic thing, the only thing I got in the gothic drop, besides candy, was a dress for my male...
See, you know what? I just wore the fucking dress.
I don't give a fuck, because it's the only thing that I could win in the gothic drop.
So I wore the gothic dress and some sunglasses, and I was like, this is my style.
I won the poofy sailor dress schoolgirl uniform twice.
That one was a bitch.
I tried to get the pants so I could go all boy style, and I couldn't get the slouchy pants, but so whatever.
Anyway, so Miitomo is actually going to be getting an update soon, and in that update you will be able to add friends via email and quote other memes.
The all answers thing is getting an improvement.
They are doing adjustments for Mi photos, which Mi photo is like the most fun ever.
I've just been having a field day with that, like taking real life pictures.
You know the little area when you get off the Toy Story Mania?
I took a picture of that in a pano, and I've been using it for Mi photo.
So it's been pretty cool.
Oh yeah, no, your Mi photos crack me up.
I have some other friends, like Jonko, my buddy that was on Koopa Club when they were still around, rest in peace.
He has some funny ones. He's used his comments and so forth.
I'm not very good with the Mi photo stuff, but Alan does some really funny ones.
He likes to do the really good captions. There's one of his characters that says,
I'm a disaster, and it's really funny.
There's also, I've found that our buddy Rob K. in the UK does some really great ones.
Oh yes, he posted one on Facebook that was hilarious.
This is the Sakura Vicarian that was me serving tea.
Yeah, I should go, I should go, I should go. That was funny.
Anyway, sorry.
So anyway, there are going to be the updates coming out.
I'm trying to get a little bit more detail on it if this stupid thing will ever load.
It was on a Nintendo blog.
They pushed some of it to the game too.
There's a little news item within the game, but I think you hit on the biggest stuff, really.
Yeah, I just want to see the ability to, instead of having to have the extra Mi's saved,
I would like to be able to just pick whatever friend and add them to a Mi photo, things like that.
But it would be neat. The Mi photo thing is really the most fun to me.
Yeah, I am shocked, shocking myself with how frequently I use Mi Tomo.
I still check it every day. Again, I treat it kind of like a social network, you know?
I think it's what it's intended to be, really. Like a combination of a game plus.
I think it's a neat concept and I'm glad that it's sticking around.
Congrats to Nintendo. I consider it successful, but I guess we'll see when their next earnings report comes in.
Because I haven't spent a dime on it, I'll tell you that.
I play it every day and I haven't spent a goddamn dime and I'm not going,
Oh, did you spend money?
I did, because I like the outfits.
Seriously, right now, every day I've been signing in, it gives me a thousand coins.
Or it gives me some huge prize because it's like, we're celebrating 10 million users worldwide.
And I thought I would get that once. I swear to God, I've gotten that pop-up like every day in May.
And it's like, here's 2,000 coins, here's 5 gameplay tickets.
It's been a big reward every day.
I haven't spent a lot on it, but I've done just enough when I wanted the 7-layer kimono when that came out.
Hey, you have 250 unused invites for Ingress.
Oh, please.
It's like, no, sorry.
Alright, let's move on. Loki, what do you have for us?
Alright, so there's a few more games that have been inducted into the World Video Game Hall of Fame.
And originally, the first six were Doom, Pac-Man, Pong, Super Mario Brothers, Tetris, and World of Warcraft.
The newest six would be Grand Theft Auto 3, The Legend of Zelda, The Organ Trail, The Sims, Sonic the Hedgehog, and Space Invaders.
Not a bad selection.
Yeah, it's really not a bad selection at all. I know the first year I was like, well, where's this game and where's this game?
And now this year I'm like, okay, well, there's Space Invaders, which really should have been there the first year.
A little harder for me to complain now as things are rounding out a little more here.
But, I mean, okay, I understand this place is in Rochester, New York or whatever, but what makes this the Video Game Hall of Fame other than the fact that's what they're calling it?
They just self-proclaimed, just like, was it the video game capital of the world or something like that?
Which you can't even get to by an airport or whatever.
In the middle of fucking nowhere or something like that?
Yeah.
I don't know.
This is in Iowa somewhere, I think.
Yeah, you can just self-proclaim all that shit, I guess.
Well, and to be fair, even the Metreon in San Francisco at one point had the Video Game Walk of Fame that lasted maybe one or two years before finally they just turned the Metreon into a target.
So, I know I've been in that target going, I wonder if this is where the Hall of Fame used to be. I wonder if this was it.
I wonder if this was the Oops I Killed Your Friend. What was that store with the little thing that was like, Oops I Killed You or something like that. Remember the clothing store?
Dark Soccer, you're killing me here. Do you remember in the Metreon there was that Oops?
Uh, kinda?
God, that was the funniest fucking stuff. And that store is maybe open for three months.
Sucks.
Oh well.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Kossin in chat says, Metreon is a target now? Oh Jesus, that's tragic. To be fair, the movie theater part didn't change. That is still there and I think Sony runs the movie theater.
The IMAX.
And it has an IMAX and the XD or whatever they call it is there as well. But yeah, the rest of it, most of it is a target. The food court part didn't change either, except I think the vendors in there did.
And then there's just a lot of other food vendors in there now and that's it. But as far as the arcade, gone. All that other stuff, gone, gone, gone.
So much sadness.
Yeah, it's not what it used to be.
Alright, anyhow.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, bone.
Let's move on. We're going to come back to the Video Game Hall of Fame a little later in the show during our FUGL question of the week.
But for now, let's talk about Pokemon Sun and Pokemon Moon. Pokemon Sun and Moon. Pokemon Sun and Moon, more information is going to be coming on these games on May 10th.
That's right. Pokemon Sun and Moon for the Nintendo 3DS. There's going to be an event in Japan that happens on May 10th.
So I look forward to that because with E3 apparently being nothing but Legend of Zelda this year, you can, you know, do the Pokemon stuff at a different time.
An earlier time in this case. May 10th.
So hopefully the type of information you'll be expecting to hear at E3, like maybe release date.
But don't set the expectation bar too high. Just saying.
Also that may be of interest to you is the Japanese Nintendo Direct for Cultcept Revolt on the Nintendo 3DS.
That Nintendo Direct will be on May 11th. Sadly there is no US version of this Direct, probably because we're not getting it.
But Cultcept is kind of awesome. It's like Magic the Gathering meets Monopoly.
They have a version of it. I think Cultcept Saga is what it's called on Xbox 360.
And then I think there was one on regular DS.
But sadly I don't think that series did too well. Oh, and there was one on Playstation 2. That's where it all started.
But sadly I don't think the series did too well here in the States.
Or we'd probably be hearing more about Cultcept Revolt over here.
But we can always cross our fingers on our toes and hope we can.
Anyhow, let's move on. Dark Sakura.
Well another game I've been excitedly looking forward to is Bloodstained.
And thankfully they're going to go in a different direction than Mighty No. 9 was going with its Kickstarter.
They're going to make sure that the game isn't delayed by delivering a core package as soon as it's finished.
And then updates are going to come afterwards.
The same thing happened with Shovel Knight, as you'll recall.
So they're basically making sure that people are getting the product that they have put out the money for.
And that their money is going to be applied towards something better down the line.
I think that that is a great way to handle it.
I mean it's definitely going to save them the PR nightmare that Inafune is going through with Mighty No. 9.
So I don't know. I think it's a good idea.
This is probably the best way to do it to ensure the game gets out faster.
But as long as that core game is solid, that's so important I think.
All the extra stuff is just extra stuff.
And sometimes that can even make the game more fun because it makes you want to go back and revisit it.
Like Shovel Knight. Like when they added the amiibo it was like, oh I have a reason to go back and play Shovel Knight again.
So I definitely think that's the way to do it as opposed to what Mighty No. 9 is doing.
But I do also understand the need to feel like you're delivering on promises.
Which is also of course super important.
So I don't want to discount that.
But yeah, I think this is probably a better approach.
Alright, before we get to some release dates when we travel around the world.
I did want to mention, because a minute ago I talked about Nintendo and the Zelda E3 thing.
And sure enough, we already kind of talked about this a little bit last week.
But a little bit more details came out about the whole Nintendo and what they're going to do with E3 and Zelda and all that.
And yes, it really is going to be nothing but Zelda for Nintendo E3.
From this quote here, at E3 this year we're treating people to an immersive Zelda experience.
And that's from Scott Moffett, who is Nintendo of America's Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing.
Continuing on, by giving attendees extended hands-on time with this remarkable game.
They'll be able to get a much deeper understanding of something new for the franchise.
The E3 thing will start at 9am on Tuesday.
And that will be when Reggie Fils-Aime introduces the Nintendo Treehouse Live.
Which will be dedicated to a day of livestream gameplay of The Legend of Zelda.
What's interesting about all that is that 9am is usually when they do their direct.
So it seems like there is no Nintendo...
Well, I don't know if you can say there's no Nintendo Direct, but they really are doing nothing but Zelda.
It's going to be Zelda all day. That's it.
So that is becoming more and more clear.
And especially now with this whole Pokmon thing I just talked about that they were doing at a different time.
Because I said, how the fuck are you going to go to E3 and not show your Pokmon game?
Well, it seems like they're just going to get that out of the way earlier.
So very, very, very interesting development.
And a big gamble as well.
We'll have to see what pays off for Nintendo this year at E3.
You know what's going to be interesting?
There's always those people that every year feel the need.
And god, we've probably done this in the past too.
So I'm including ourselves in this little bit of a read I'm doing here.
Every single year we feel the need to grade the big three, right?
What grade did Sony get?
Did they get an A or did they get a C minus?
Or what did Microsoft get?
Well Nintendo this year, that's going to be a hard one to grade.
Because Nintendo is even kind of saying we're only there with one game.
So do you just give them an F on principle?
Or are you going to give them an A because you're a big Zelda fan?
Or are you just going to toss your grading system?
That might be the best.
I'm just going to, I don't know, depends what they show.
That's true.
It's like, hey, we came up with this really cool tilt system that you have to use with Kill Zelda.
You'll tilt it forward and Link will run forward.
Or tilt it backwards and Link will roll backwards.
Loki will just hit that big red buzzer just like he's a judge on America's Got Talent.
No.
Done.
It's going to take a lot to screw up Zelda.
The minute they start talking about tilt controls.
It's going to take a lot.
But if there's anybody I think that could possibly pull it out, it could be Zelda.
Or it could be Nintendo with Zelda.
Dungeon Buster says, bring back the Game Pro faces.
That was always a good way to rate things.
SSJ100Matt says, my bank account will be my grading system.
If it's empty, then you'll know why.
Very true.
Kossen, giving us maybe a different way to grade E3 this year, saying,
which press conference will have the drunkest host this time?
I think that's worth looking into.
Well, a little more detail on Microsoft's plans for E3 as well,
although not really unexpected either.
The E3 2016 media event will be Monday, June 13th at 9.30,
which is the time slot that they usually do.
It will be on Spike TV.
You can also watch it on your console as well and on Xbox.com.
I wonder if it will be like last year when I could actually watch the Microsoft press event on my PlayStation
because I love those types of Inception sort of things.
I'm going to try to do that, see if I can watch the Microsoft event on my PlayStation,
and then I'll watch the Sony event on my Xbox.
Why?
Oh, my God, you're such a rebel.
Because I can.
Anyway, there's also going to be an official Xbox Twitch stream,
which now that's two out of three that are embracing Twitch,
and I've got to be sure Sony's going to do something as well.
They always do an extended thing every year anyway.
But, yeah, the Xbox Twitch stream is going to be Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday
for about four to six hours each of those days,
on Tuesday from noon to four, Wednesday from 10 a.m. to four,
and Thursday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Apparently, the rumor and the buzz, of course, is new Xbox One bundles
and possibly this whole redesign thing, the slimmer Xbox One.
That's what a lot of the buzz is about right now.
We'll see.
Only about a month away at this point, believe it or not.
So, actdeftnchat, also a rebel, says,
I have watched the last two Microsoft conferences for my Wii U lol.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates
and look at some games that are coming out soon in your region.
Loki.
All right, well, this week we've got Uncharted 4 coming out on PlayStation 4.
Also, we have Mega Tagmenson Blanc plus Neptune vs. Zombies
for PlayStation Vita.
And then, because they have to be fucking different,
Bethesda's releasing Doom on Friday on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC,
as well as the collector's edition and all that jazz.
Why can't you just fucking release shit on a...
Wait, you think you're fucking Nintendo now?
I mean, seriously, speaking of Nintendo, also releasing shit on fucking Fridays.
Disney Art Academy coming out for 3DS.
You can practice your drawing Mickey and other Disney characters.
That's it.
All right, traveling over to Japan and checking out some of the releases over there.
On this week, actually not a lot.
You could look in other regions to get Uncharted 4 this week,
but I don't believe that's getting a Japanese...
Oh, no, it is getting a Japanese release, excuse me, on May 10th.
It was just at the very bottom of my list.
There is a deluxe edition there of Uncharted 4 coming out on May 10th,
so that is getting, I guess, a worldwide type of release,
because that is coming out everywhere, it sure seems.
Looking at other consoles, the Wii U, nothing until June, sorry to say.
The Vita, really nothing until next week.
On May 19th is when we start seeing releases again on the Vita.
And then lastly, on the 3DS, nothing really this week as well,
so it's another very quiet week in Japan outside of Uncharted 4.
Also, AkumaJP in chat says there is a limited edition PlayStation 4 as well,
which of course there is. Of course there is.
There's always a limited edition something something over there,
way more than we see over here.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
A few things.
We have on the 10th Uncharted 4 on PlayStation 4,
on the 12th Super Meat Boy for Wii U,
and on the 13th Doom 4 on Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and on PC.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys,
and then the classic game of the week. Loki.
So hey, this is kind of neat, this is more like internet news,
but you know how there's all those funky domains you can get nowadays?
In fact, I think they have .ninja as one of the options.
Well, one that would seem to make sense, that for whatever reason is not available,
.game and .games is something that's going to be coming around starting May 17th.
Apparently you can purchase your domain with that now, if you want.
So they do like, you know, Call of Duty .game or something like that.
Alright.
Does that mean we have to register another domain, vog.game or something?
I don't know. Is that something we need to look into?
Maybe, yeah. I'm sure it's something that's going to be available soon.
So I guess you can start ordering those, but yeah, it's going to launch quarter 3 of 2016,
and they're going to be selling them for $12.
Flappy vog.game. Look forward to it.
We can hope.
Or what was it? Was it, you do like, you lost .game or something like that?
You lost the .game? That's a good idea.
Somebody needs to get on that.
Bobby Blackwolf pointing out we do have vog.network.
I didn't realize that. That's pretty cool.
It's kind of fun.
Alright, talking about World of Warcraft here lastly.
Yes, World of Warcraft is still going.
Do you remember a couple weeks ago on the show we talked about
that Blizzard had actually shut down an underground server
that was dedicated to running vanilla World of Warcraft,
original Warcraft before all the expansions and all that,
for people who didn't want to let go,
or I guess who didn't want to have to pay the monthly fee
because the server wouldn't have those.
Well, I pretty much thought that would be the end of that.
It was just a matter of time before the cease and desist came out,
and it did, and that was that.
However, apparently one of the admins over at Nosalrius,
which was the name of this server, underground server,
they are saying that they're going to meet with Blizzard at their headquarters
in a statement there, so we don't know what more is with that
or when that meeting is or how that's going to take place
or if it's something maybe where it's just during BlizzCon or something,
but I think they should consider themselves very lucky
that Blizzard will give them the time of day
because they really don't have to be,
considering that people weren't really paying to be on this server
with a monthly fee or anything,
so it's really kind of fascinating to me that Blizzard would do that,
but maybe that shows that they are paying attention
to the big, I guess, demand, for lack of a better term, online,
where people are asking for something like this.
There's a part of me that is wondering,
do people really want this,
or do people want it because they didn't have to pay for it?
So I kind of think if something like this is going to end up being officially supported,
you better believe you're going to have to activate your full WoW account
to get access to the vanilla server.
But I guess some people are completely okay with that,
and that's fine, I suppose.
So, Stoppy in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says,
they will be frisked for tar and or feathers.
Perhaps.
All right, anyhow, let's get to another segment here
we like to do every week on the show called the Classic Game of the Week.
Every week here on the program, DarkSakura steps into the vault
and finds a game ten years older or more that she thinks,
hey, you know what, you kids and your Overwatch,
your fancy-ass graphics, your online play,
you know what, you need to go back and play a classic like this one.
So DarkSakura, what is the Classic Game of the Week?
I have chosen a game that I have always wanted to play
and never got around to playing.
What? This one you haven't even played yourself?
But it's adorable, it's actually been, I've watched a bunch of it,
I've just never had a chance to.
So the game I've chosen is Rocket Knight Adventures.
And it came out in 1993, and it is, as far as I recall,
the first game developed and published by Konami for the Sega Genesis.
It came out in the U.S. on August 5th, 1993,
and in Japan on August 6th, so it actually came out in the U.S. first.
Although I guess technically it would be sort of simultaneous
since, you know, the time difference and all that.
It was also designed by the same person who did several of the Contra games,
including the Alien Wars Hardcore and Shattered Soldier.
So you play as a possum named Sparkster,
who fights an army of robots and pigs and vehicles,
and he has a sword and a rocket pack.
So a lot of it is side scrolling.
You also have a few horizontal scrolling shooters,
I guess kind of like how the old cotton games were.
And then another one we use a large machine for dueling.
It's a pretty neat game overall, really great music, really great graphics.
Although I thought it was stupid that they changed the difficulty level names for the U.S.
In the U.S. you have children mode, easy mode, normal, and hard.
In Japan you have normal, hard, very hard, and crazy hard.
And in Europe you have easy, hard, very hard, and crazy hard.
I just think it would need to have the difficulty to be crazy hard, you know?
So anyway, it's been a game that's been on my list for quite a while.
And see, they had evil pigs before Angry Birds did, just saying.
There was a version planned for SNES and it never came out.
It did have a sequel called Sparkster Rocket Knight Adventures 2,
and a spinoff for the SNES called Sparkster,
and they were produced roughly around the same time.
There was actually an announcement of another sequel in 2009 called Rocket Knight,
but it was supposed to be a sequel to the actual Sparkster, Rocket Knight Adventures 2,
that was developed by Climax.
And it came out on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and Steam,
but it wasn't really so involved by the original designers.
The character's been around in other games, Sparkster was,
in New International Tracking Field for Nintendo DS,
and Crazy Cart Racing for iPhone and iPod Touch.
He's also had cameos in Ganbare Goemon 2,
Kitaretsu Shogu Maginess,
I can't read it.
For SNES,
Natcher for Mega CD,
Jikyo Power Pro Wrestling 96,
and Max Voltage for SNES,
Mitsumete Knight for PlayStation.
He was also a disguised character for Twinbee Paradise for PC,
and a figure kind of looking like him in Shattered Soldier.
The character's actually been around for a while,
and been through different things,
but I sadly never got really much of a chance to play it.
But it's had good ratings for ages,
and it looks really pretty,
it looks a lot of fun,
a decent challenge,
and it's got great music.
So that's it.
You mean there's not enough time to play every single video game ever released,
Dark Sakura?
How could you?
No, I have not played this game either.
But I'd seen it before,
but kind of looking at it again now,
obviously it's been a long time since I've seen this,
I'm like, wow, this looks really good for a Genesis game.
I think it was sort of around the time of Ristar as well.
So it's that same kind of family of just really pretty Genesis games.
No, don't get me wrong.
I'm like, wow, I really miss something by not checking this out,
but that's what this segment is for,
to remind me that I need to go check it out.
So, all right, there it is,
your classic game of the week,
Rocket Knight Adventures for the Sega Genesis,
or Mega Drive, depending on what part of the world you're in.
There it is.
We're going to take a quick break,
but when we come back,
there is plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come.
We're going to get to your phone calls,
as well as more news.
We're going to talk about Persona 5,
and how many of you all want more Stardew Valley?
Because we're going to talk about that as well,
when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio,
right after this.
Welcome back, everybody,
to Orange Lounge Radio episode number 640 of our show,
In Progress, for May the 8th of 2016.
Just myself, Dark Soccer,
and Loki here in studio tonight,
but it feels like it's been forever
since it's been just the three of us here on the show.
So we're having a good time tonight,
going over the week's news,
of which there was a little bit.
So we're going to continue things on right now,
with our rapid-fire news, starting off with Loki.
I think, right, Loki?
We're going to do some rapid-fire news.
What are you watching over there that's taken away?
I saw this at the store,
and I was trying to figure out what the fuck it was.
It's this thing called an Anki Overdrive.
It looks like one of those slot-racing cars.
It's super fucking expensive.
Yeah, it is.
What the fuck is that?
I've seen that as well.
I was looking for the Bluetooth controllers on Toys R Us,
and they pulled that up again.
I'm like, what the fuck is that?
So I went and watched,
I was trying to watch a video to see what it was.
I still don't know what the fuck it is yet.
But anyways.
I remember.
Because I was looking,
and I'm like, oh, hey,
there's a piece of track that you can buy for $20.
I'm like, fuck that.
But I remember when I was younger,
I had a little thing that my grandma,
rest in peace, had bought me.
Well, apparently it's like slot-car racing.
It's like slot-car racing.
It's slot-car racing,
but instead of it being just stuck in a little groove,
and you just hit the gas,
this is actually a track that the cars stick onto,
and you can go back and forth and actually drive it.
Oh.
Like you're doing RC cars or something like that.
Okay, all right.
So at least that's what it looks like.
Somehow it ties with your Android device,
your iOS device.
That's awesome, though.
But it's super fucking expensive.
You better watch out,
because next week you're going to come to the studio,
and there's going to be a car
that races around our Sakura's chair.
Yeah, it's like they had that shit,
and all the fucking accessories for that.
Like they don't already do that at home.
Oh, but God forbid we actually have
a fucking Bluetooth controller for an Android phone.
You know, that's impossible.
All right, calm down.
Calm down.
Get to the news.
All right.
So hey, shocking.
Mighty number nine's not fucking out yet,
so it's been delayed again.
Oh, surprise.
Now it's coming out June 21st.
You know what that means?
I don't give a shit about it,
because that's the same day as fucking No Man's Sky,
I probably won't be playing Mighty Number Nine,
but if you're interested in it,
the new date's June 21st until it gets delayed again,
so look forward to that.
And this is kind of cool.
A couple more games that are now backwards compatible
with the Xbox One.
Jet Set Radio.
Also, they're going to be including Texas Hold'em,
and MX versus ATV Reflex are the new games
added to backwards compatibility,
but Jet Set Radio, that's pretty sweet.
They've been pretty good about keeping the drip on
with those Xbox One backwards compatible.
Yeah, I gotta say, that is one thing
I am very impressed with Microsoft on.
I really wish they had some sort of backwards compatible
solution for the PlayStation 4.
I mean, seriously, at this point, I'm very baffled.
Like, even if, like, let's just say, for example,
that PlayStation 3, I kind of understand
that that might be impossible to do backwards compatible
on the actual device, I kind of wish it was,
but PlayStation 2, I mean, they should have a solution
aside from buying that shit again,
and PlayStation 1 should be fucking playable as is.
Yeah, I know.
PSP or something, I mean, that should be,
I mean, fuck, the PSP could run that stuff.
That might be a nice little bombshell
for them to drop at E3, I'm hoping, I'm hoping.
Anyway, let's move on.
Games that have just disappeared, no longer available.
Project Cross Zone, believe it or not,
on the 3DS eShop, disappeared over the weekend.
This was the game where you could play game characters
from As an Evil, Devil May Cry, Street Fighter, Mega Man,
I mean, a lot of cool little characters in this game,
but unfortunately, it's gone.
The 3DS eShop no longer carries the game.
You, for a moment, couldn't even redownload it,
although that has changed.
You are now able to redownload the software,
so that's good if you did already buy it.
The thought is that maybe licensing issues
are coming into this, because after all, you know,
there were different worlds kind of coming together here
with Bandai Namco and the Capcom stuff,
so maybe the licensing thing ran out,
and that's what happened, but no official statement there
otherwise on why it was pulled.
Also, kind of surprising that this game disappeared,
and that is VVVVVVV is also gone from the 3DS eShop.
Why? Because there is a homebrew exploit
that apparently was uncovered by people.
I guess you can hack the 3DS by using VVVVV.
It was one of the games that would facilitate it.
Now, Terry Cavana, the game's creator,
didn't think that he was going to have to patch it,
but they ended up actually pulling the game,
and I'm sure it wasn't something intentional done by the creator,
but unfortunately, just there was some back door
somehow open in it that they were able to exploit there,
so yeah, VVVVVV is now not on the eShop,
but I have that game on my 3DS.
What can I exploit on that?
I need to figure that out, have some fun, run some homebrew.
Maybe I don't actually want to do that,
because I kind of like my 3DS, I don't want it to break or anything like that.
Anyhow, let's also talk about this,
because you know what, I might be 37 years old,
but I don't give a fuck. I want these shoes.
Have you seen these? This is the Nintendo and Vans crossover,
and if you haven't seen these, I urge you to look it up in Google News.
Yeah, do the Nintendo Vans thing.
There's some fun, like they're very loud shoes,
I wouldn't really be able to wear them to work, they're not exactly subtle,
but they're great, because there's one that has a big Mario face on it,
with all these Mario characters, there's the old school NES controller,
there's some that have Donkey Kong and some graphics inspired by that,
and the ones I want more than anything, the Princess Peach ones,
that have Peach and the stars and all that stuff over there.
Why isn't it a thing, you know how they have these shoes and everything,
it's obviously screen printed on,
why don't they have that where you can custom print stuff on the side of your shoes?
I would think they probably do.
That would be pretty awesome.
Yeah, well this is official, it's an official partnership and official license,
so there's no homebrew or whatever you need to be doing.
I will say though, because I do see some people in chat are like,
some of them are kind of tacky and whatever, they're a little loud for me.
I do notice some of them are a little more subtle than others,
like there's one, all it really has is a brick pattern from Mario Brothers,
around the side of the shoe, and it's a lot more subtle than some of the others.
The other one looks like they're camouflage shoes,
but when you look close up, it actually has the duck from Duck Hunt and the dog.
So like some of them are a little more subtle than others,
but like those Peach ones, they ain't subtle.
But I'm not here to be subtle.
Dark Sakura's shaking her head, a green movie over there.
Nah, I think if you're gonna go, go loud.
That's right.
If you're gonna do something, be bold.
Alright, anyway, Dark Sakura, what do you have?
Well, I've got something about Splatoon.
There is going to be a global Splatfest, and it is me Tomo themed.
Yay.
And it actually has to do with the question if you want to go fancy,
or go to a costume party, which I voted for the costume party,
because ain't a party like a costume party.
So it's all global.
The Splatfest starts on May 13th at 8 p.m. Pacific time.
It ends at 3 a.m. Pacific time on May 15th.
So go for it.
And then Stardew Valley, which I still need to play.
It's getting co-op and console versions and content stuff.
It will have new farm buildings, crops, artisan goods,
different farming mechanics.
You get Shane and Emily as marriage candidates,
and more marriage content, bug fixes, secrets,
and little bits added to Le World.
So go get it.
I should go get it.
Yeah, I'm surprised you have not gotten into Stardew Valley yet.
That game really seems like it's up your alley.
Do you know how much no time I have?
Oh, come on. Come on.
You could waste your night away with Stardew Valley.
I know you. You'll get into this.
You know what, though? I work late, and I like to sleep.
Which sometimes I like to sleep more than I like to play games.
I know. Blasphemy.
No, not when it comes to sleep.
Sleep is amazing, and then I dream weird shit.
But Stardew Valley is worth losing a little sleep for, I'm just saying.
Fine, fine.
Thank you. That is the right answer.
Hey, listeners, get me the game.
Put it on your wish list. See what happens.
I might be on my wish list. I don't know.
All right. Let's get to the Foogle question of the week.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and our Google Plus communities.
You slam those words together, and you get Foogle.
This week we asked on Google and Facebook Plus, we asked,
Hey, six more games were inducted into the Video Game Hall of Fame this week.
Combined with last year's six, these are now the games in the Hall of Fame.
Okay, so here they are. Here's the 12 games.
Grand Theft Auto 3, Legend of Zelda, Oregon Trail, Sims, Sonic the Hedgehog,
Space Invaders, Doom, Pac-Man, Pong, Super Mario Brothers, Tetris, and World of Warcraft.
If you had to take one out and put in a game that you think should be there instead,
what Switch would you make?
This is going to be a fun one, but it's like our list list segment.
Sometimes you have to delete something in order to get the most efficient list.
All right, here we go. What are you going to remove and put in its place?
Retertainment says, I would substitute Doom for Wolfenstein 3D.
While Doom had an unquestionably huge impact on PC first person shooters,
Doom would not have had as much impact as it did without the foundation laid out by Wolfenstein 3D.
Fifth Dream says, I'd remove World of Warcraft and replace it with Final Fantasy 6. Best game ever.
Danielle R says, I would personally remove Grand Theft Auto 3 and substitute it with Mortal Kombat.
That's just personal preference though.
William Murderface says, I would replace The Legend of Zelda with The Legend of Zelda A Link to the Past.
Now if I could add a few, I would add Super Metroid, Final Fantasy X,
Kingdom Hearts, Metal Gear Solid 2, and Kirby Nightmare in Dreamland.
Kane.I.Am says, I wouldn't change anything, but I would add Secret of Evermore.
But that's just me, and what do I know?
Well, what do we know either, to be fair, Kane.I.Am.
TigerClawnChat says, I would replace Super Mario Brothers with Donkey Kong,
because without that game, there would not have been a Super Mario Brothers.
It was Mario's first appearance, and that's a game that should have been in the Video Game Hall of Fame.
Our buddy John B. from back in the day says, replace them all with Crysis. It's the best game ever.
Glad to see that troll's still back.
Veronica Isabel says, I would remove Pong and replace it with the cult classic Earthbound,
a game I know I'll love when I play it later this year. I'm currently playing Earthbound Beginnings.
Degenerate Johnny says, I would replace WoW with Final Fantasy.
Hall of Fame's are about original, iconic titles that delivered inspiration and continues to do so for future generation of titles,
not the biggest successes in the industry.
Princess Irena replied and said, I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'd swap Grand Theft Auto 3 with Final Fantasy 7.
If it's for a Hall of Fame, then few games are more famous than that one, and it's still a top seller to this day for some strange reason.
Doesn't hurt that everybody be mad dick-hyped for the remake, too.
Those are Princess's words, not mine.
Rage Nator says, I'd take out WoW and put in SOCOM 2 in its place.
SOCOM 2, the series as a whole, was an addicting, squad-based third-person shooter whose multiplayer basically made the PlayStation 2's online capabilities.
Yes, the Xbox had Halo, but we had SOCOM, dammit.
And then over on Google+, just one answer over on the Google+, that says, from MacDeft, I'd probably take out the Oregon Trail since it's more of an American thing,
and not that really influential on the history of video games.
What game would I place instead of it? Metroid. It created a whole genre that's still very popular today,
and so many great games that will probably be in the Hall of Fame in future years are inspired by it.
Whoo, those are some really good answers, you guys, and I'm gonna ask here in studio to make the same decision if you think you can.
What game would you take off the list, and what game would you replace it with?
So, Loki, let's start with you. What game would you take off the list, and what would you replace it with?
Um, I would take... let's see, I would take The Sims off the list and replace it with... Metroid.
And why Metroid?
Because it's another classic game that really should be on there. I mean, it's kind of formed its own genre as far as, you know, Metroidvania games and everything.
Plus, again, The Sims... I mean, The Sims was alright, it was just... I don't know. I don't think it's that classic.
Fair enough.
Darsagra?
I guess that I would take off...
I'd take off Grand Theft Auto 3.
And what would you replace it with?
The Guardian Legend.
Of course you would!
I would honestly, I would almost even say instead of, like, Metroid, Street Fighter 2.
Damn you, you just took my answer. I was gonna say, you bastard, but I would actually take off... I'm gonna get so much shit because nobody said this game, I don't think.
I would take off Sonic the Hedgehog and replace it with Street Fighter 2.
And look, I love Sonic. I don't like his friends, but I like Sonic.
But here's the thing about Sonic. I feel that for a lot of the reasons Sonic is there, Super Mario Brothers is there.
And just so, I kind of just think they're both platformers.
And I also think later Sonic games have kind of tarnished the original Sonic.
I hate to say it, but that's just what it is for me.
Like, Sonic the Hedgehog 4 kind of diminished the original.
So, anyway, but I think Street Fighter 2 needs to be on there for what it did for the arcade scene.
I'm even saying that over Super Metroid.
Like, my heart would say, oh, Super Metroid or Civilization should be there.
But my head says, Street Fighter 2 did so much for the arcade scene in the 90s.
It's hard to dial it down to six, so, I mean, there's always the next year.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, I would remove Street Fighter 2 and then replace it with Jones in the fast lane.
And Bobby Black Wolf also reminds us they can't induct every game in the first few years.
Well, dammit, why not?
I'm surprised Halo isn't on that list.
Of course, then when we get to, like, ten years from now, then we're going to be scraping for games to put on there.
So, all right, let's move on. We're going to go pass the football question of the week.
Let's get to, yes, thank you, Bobby Black Wolf.
MissNudeWorld96, one can hope, one can hope.
Loki, why don't you go ahead with your next story?
That should have really been in the first year, to be honest.
I mean, that's, like, number one.
So this is kind of cool. I'm always, you know, excited when I hear about a new Volition game.
But there's a rumor that Volition and Deep Silver are working on a title called Agents of Mayhem.
I can only hope that's a working title for another Saints Row game, but I will take...
Oh, God, do you think it's going to be an Avengers parody?
Because that's what, when you say, like, Agents of Mayhem, I don't know why, but that's, like, what pops into my mind.
It's going to be, like, a superhero thing.
I'd be down.
I'd be down, too.
I mean, as much as I hate on later Saints Row games, I'm still going to buy every single one of them.
So, I mean, I only hate because I love.
If that makes sense.
I criticize because I love.
That's it.
But, yeah.
So, hey, I'm down for anything that's coming out from Volition.
I wish it was another Saints Row game, but I'll take Agents of Mayhem.
If they want to take some time off and do a different title, a new IP, I think that's okay, too.
Or perhaps Saints Row has gotten so far from it that it's not going to be an Avengers parody.
Or perhaps Saints Row has gotten so far from Saints Row, it should just be its own thing.
Well, and maybe that's what they do.
They take some time off to do a new IP, and then they're going to come back and reboot Saints Row.
Because enough time will have passed, they can be like, okay, now we're going to reboot Saints Row.
So, maybe that's the plan.
I'm fine with that.
Or forget it. It'll just be Saints Row 5, and that'll be that.
SSU100Matt says, Superhero-themed Saints Row. I'd buy it.
You know what would be cool? Agents of Mayhem.
Because this kind of reminds me, I watched Kick-Ass 2 last night.
But like a Kick-Ass style game.
Where you're a superhero, but a superhero without any fucking powers.
You're just some dude dressed up that's fighting crime or something.
What do you mean, like Watchmen?
Why not?
Well, yeah, sort of like Watchmen, but I don't know.
Alright.
Hey, this is pretty big for some people.
I've been waiting a long time for this game.
And this is a really huge legendary series.
And that's Persona.
Atlus had a countdown that was running on their website.
And it finally ticked to the end for this Persona 5 countdown.
And what was revealed, the release date for Persona 5 in Japan.
Unfortunately, it was not revealed yet for the states.
Beyond what they said originally, which was 2016.
But Persona 5 will be out in Japan on September 15th.
That is coming out, remember, on the PlayStation 3 and the PlayStation 4.
Because they originally announced Persona 5 for the PlayStation 3.
But it's been in development so long that it turns out they're going to put it on the PlayStation 4 as well.
Probably because so many people have moved on to PlayStation 4.
And there's no backwards compatibilities.
They kind of have to do both. Who knows?
Anyway, there's actually a little trailer.
And if you haven't seen the trailer, you should check it out.
Because it's pretty badass.
The whole anime, across the RPG.
Again, this series is quite legendary.
I have to admit, it's not one that I've played extensively.
I've played a little bit of Persona 4.
I really need to stop playing these fucking MMO time sinks.
And give Persona more attention than it probably deserves.
But I will say that these games have a lot of depth.
And it's pretty impressive what they pack onto one disc for these games.
So I'm looking forward to Persona 5.
Hopefully, like the other games, you don't have to have played the previous ones to be able to pick this one up.
And I don't think it'll be the case with this game either.
So there you go, Persona 5 is going to be out on September 15th.
No word on the release date in the States.
I'm assuming they're holding that for E3.
Hopefully it's still making 2016.
But maybe it'll just be November as opposed to September.
We'll see though.
I can't play Stardew Valley now.
Why?
There's new Hot to Full Boyfriend games for me to play.
Oh my god.
I cannot do these things.
I'm not even going to ask if you're going to have time to play Persona.
Because, no, I gotta get the 500th ending in Hot to Full Boyfriend instead.
Hi.
Hey.
Alright.
And Dungeon Buster reminding, yes, each Persona is pretty standalone.
And you still have time to play and finish Persona 4.
That is true.
I need to just suck it up and do it.
It's on my Vita.
What else am I playing on my Vita?
I bought it in some super sale on the Vita not that long ago.
Apparently the game's already on my wish list, so whatever.
I'll get it later.
There you go.
I'll do it later.
Alright, Dark Soccer, what do you have for us?
I have a Finally for us.
Finally.
We're finally getting Raiden 5.
It's going to come out in the US, or North America in general, on May 11th.
And it's going to have some neat multiplayer elements, like a cheer system,
so you feel better about yourself while you're killing things.
Anyway, basically you can buff other players, like by messages or ratings.
And you get leaderboards, and there's going to be eight stages in all,
with of course multiple different ships and all kinds of crazy weapons.
And the Raiden series has been my big favorite when it comes to shooting games.
And especially getting that big lightning thing that would just latch on to things
and take up the whole screen.
So over the top.
I love it.
So happy.
Dark Soccer will need to get an Xbox One so she can play this game.
Dark Soccer will be coming over to Rob's house so she can play this game.
Fair enough.
I'm going to treat it like I did Final Fantasy VII.
I didn't know the PlayStation.
I just bought the game and went to other people's houses.
No shit.
No, sometimes that works.
Yep.
That's hilarious.
All right.
SSJ100Matt in chat asks,
Can there be a Bobby Black Wolf forever mode that reduces the number of bullets by 75%?
Would it be as fun?
That's asking for an easy mode in Dark Souls,
which I'm not even going to go there with that discussion this week.
All right.
Loki, what do you have for us?
So, you know, when you think of Best Buy,
you think of the lack of Bluetooth controllers for your Android phones,
and you also think about different experiences where they have, you know,
where you can go view Nintendo games and that type of thing.
Well, now they're going to also have, you know,
where you can actually check out the Oculus Rift.
And this is going to be starting actually, well, it's already started.
In fact, I actually saw it today.
They had the Rift set up.
But you can go to select Best Buy locations and check out the Oculus Rift.
There are 48 locations nationwide.
Will you be taking the trip?
No, because I was there today, and I have an Oculus Rift dev kit.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
And I don't really need that.
I had a big Gear VR, so I mean, heck yeah,
I'd like to check out the retail one to kind of, you know, see what it was.
There was someone using it today, so I didn't get a chance to do that.
And honestly, when I looked at it originally,
I thought it was just the Gear VR, but then it kind of did look different.
So I think it was the actual Rift.
All right.
Well, whatever.
Well, this reminds me about a 3DS game that I need to pick up
because these classics are a lot of fun.
The Sega 3D Classics Collection is available on the 3DS,
and I definitely want to check that out.
And Dark Sakura, I'm really surprised you're not all over this game,
but actually, after this news that made the blog rounds this week,
there is a secret tenth game that is unlockable in the game,
and it is not advertised on the box or anything like that
because they actually advertise there's nine games in the collection,
but there is a bonus tenth game.
So here's how you unlock it.
You go to the Extras menu where you have Maze Walker
and Fantasy Zone 2 Master System version,
and you tap the area next to the Back to Menu button,
and an enemy will pop up.
And as you tap the enemy, the original Master System Fantasy Zone will load,
and that is the extra game, Fantasy Zone for the Master System in the Sega 3D Classics.
You know why I care very little?
Why?
Because I have a Master System, and I have Fantasy Zone for Master System.
You don't want it in your pocket everywhere you go?
No.
All right. I tried.
Well, on top of that, I don't know.
Actually, I think I do have a couple of portable, whatever.
I sometimes do refer to that location near my pocket as the Fantasy Zone anyway,
so it's all good.
Get ready.
Do you have a pair of boxer shorts that says,
Welcome to the Fantasy Zone, get ready?
That's totally the name of my blog.
Oh my God, we need to.
Okay, that's going to be the first item for sale in the OLR merchandise store.
It's going to be underwear that says, Welcome to the Fantasy Zone, get ready.
Or is that trademarked?
Would we get in trouble for that?
Probably, but you know what?
What?
If you go to darksakura.com, the first thing you see is my blog that starts off,
Welcome to the Fantasy Zone.
But is it on panties?
It could be.
I don't tell what's in my drawers.
I guess you could always do, you could bend it a little bit and do,
Welcome to my Fantasy Zone, get ready, and then it's not the same thing.
That was used in Bayonetta.
Oh.
Welcome to my Fantasy Zone.
That's right. God damn.
All right, anyway.
Okay, so it doesn't say welcome.
It just says Fantasy Zone, and it says blog de darksakura.
Seems like you need an update.
Anyway.
I do need to update my blog, though, because the last thing I posted about was Oprah.
It was.
Well, what else do you need to post about?
It was about Oprah supporting Weight Watchers, which is stupid.
Do you want the queen of yo-yo dieters as your Enos spokeswoman, really?
Oprah may be fabulous.
She's absolutely fabulous.
But she is as fallible as the rest of us.
Well, it's hard to lose weight when all you're eating is yo-yos.
I mean, I don't know.
Moving on, there's more with this whole Sega 3D classics thing.
So, you know, some folks are wondering, hey, what about other Sega platforms, like Saturn and Dreamcast?
Well, Yosuke Okunare with Sega says, here's the reason why you haven't gotten 3D classics.
That has more to do with how the teams are divided amongst Sega as a company.
Up until now, M2 has been focused on 8-bit and 16-bit ports, whereas Dreamcast and Saturn titles were done by staff that were assigned to those games from teams like AM2 or Sega of China.
The idea behind that was to make these porting lines run as efficiently as possible with the teams learning the know-how behind specific systems.
At the time, if M2 had researched porting a Model 2 or 3 on their own and came to Sega for that, we'd have told them we had already had teams assigned to it or the market isn't right at the time.
That said, that sort of corporate direction has ended recently, and M2 is the only port line that really exists anymore.
There is the possibility that ports for Model 3 could continue on their side.
So what I'm hearing from this is there's a lot of corporate crap that they've got to cut through, so fans, you just need to bitch more.
Tweet at Sega that you want Space Channel 5 as a 3D classic, because who does not want Space Michael as a 3D classic?
Find me that person so I can tell them through their face that they're wrong.
Thank you, Lala.
Alright, let's get to the mailbag. Every week you guys email us.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is our email address, and we like to open up the mailbag every week, and DarkSakura dives in head first and finds an email or five to read for us here on air.
How many emails do we have this week?
One.
Just one? Fine. Do the email. Do the thing.
Where's my music?
I didn't have it ready, I'm sorry.
I cannot read emails without my music.
I do not have, unfortunately, I do not have your little cutesy theme, so tonight for the mailbag I'm giving you Enter the Gungeon.
You've been listening to-
Wait, that's not Enter the Gungeon.
That's not Enter the Gungeon.
What the hell?
Hot mess.
God damn it.
This is hot mess radio.
I don't know what I have queued up.
You'll buy what?
Apparently I did not actually have the Gungeon song in the same location on the folder.
Fine, you can have Shovel Knight.
By the way, Rob-
What?
I've decided that our little project should be called The Hot Mess.
For shovelry and emails!
Yes.
Okay.
Hello, OLR.
It's been a while since I've sent you guys an email, so here it is.
I have this feeling that the Wii U was Nintendo's Saturn.
Except for the Wii, Nintendo's last four consoles haven't really been true commercial successes.
The same story time and time again.
They had their share of great games, but always a lack of third party support.
You know, that was not the Saturn in Japan.
Saturn in Japan, tons of third party support.
Namely, Capcom.
I don't think Mario and friends will continue to save Nintendo.
I truly hope the NX will not be Nintendo's Dreamcast.
Dude, but the Dreamcast was great!
Anyway, I've finally been able to try the Oculus Rift.
It's cool, but not $600 cool.
It did impress me a lot, but it's missing something that I can't quite put my finger on.
Maybe it's the huge goggles?
Anyway, thanks for reading my email and doing the show.
Yours truly, Fabrice from Belgium.
Thank you, Fabrice.
I love my Dreamcast, by the way.
I was just thinking about taking out the Dreamcast the other day and playing through Rainbow Cotton.
The thing with that email that I'm kind of like...
I respect the opinion, of course, and all that stuff, but the thing that doesn't sit with me
is when you say that Nintendo's last four consoles have not done well except for the Wii.
But, like, I think you're really writing off way too fast how big the Wii was.
The Wii was the biggest video game console of period, all period, time, period.
And, granted, a lot of that is because of Wii Sports and so forth, but...
I mean, yes, when you follow up the greatest console of all time...
Or, I'm sorry, the best-selling console of all time, because when I say the greatest, other opinions are going to get involved.
When you sell the best-selling of all time, you follow it up with the Wii U, which, you know, next to the Wii, tanked.
Now, I still like the Wii U for a lot of the Nintendo exclusives and all that stuff, but...
It's getting a lot more play in my house.
Yeah, the third-party thing fucked them. That is essentially what it boils down to.
The third-party thing fucked them, and it was too hard to port the 360 and the PlayStation games and all that, and the 1 and the 4 and all that.
It's too hard to port those to the Wii U, because the second screen, you know, had this whole other element to it.
And companies didn't want to invest the time, because there just weren't...
It was one of those things that kept snowballing.
The Wii U didn't have the games on it that people really wanted to play at first, so it wasn't selling enough units.
So, companies didn't want to invest the time to make another game for it, because the units weren't out there, and it just kind of snowballed from there.
That's why the NX is being delayed, because they're not going to launch with a weak lineup again.
That's why they're holding Zelda for the launch of the NX, because it worked for them with the Wii, to launch the Wii with the Zelda title that everybody was anticipating.
And remember, the Wii was the biggest console of all time.
So, if, and this is a big if, if the NX has Zelda, and it has the real successor to Wii Sports that Nintendo Land was not,
and I'm not saying that game has to be Wii Sports 2, if it has something as accessible and as must-play as Wii Sports,
then the NX will do awesome out the gate, and the third-party support, not a problem at all.
I guess in some ways you could say Nintendo Land killed the Wii U.
That's essentially what it boils down to. Nintendo Land killed the Wii U. Period.
Alright, that's it for emails, right? Alright.
Then we'll get to the FUs of the week. We're going to do that right now.
And I do have the theme music for the FUs of the week. That's the good news.
Here is punishment.
This is fucked up.
Dark soccer.
FU to all the Star Wars games are on sale on Steam.
Also FU to having to work when Bernie's going to be in town tomorrow and I want to go to the rally,
because I am wearing my Bernie shirt right now.
I wanted to wear my Bernie shirt just because I was walking into a Walmart.
And I wore my Bernie shirt in a Walmart doing shopping.
At least traffic will be awful and you don't want to be in there.
Also FU to everyone at DragCon right now.
FU with love.
Loki.
I guess just FU to the fact that I haven't mentally been able to work on my game.
Too tired.
But not necessarily too tired. I did have some brain-tards the other day.
I'm still kind of just deciding how I want to look once I figure that out,
because that's the main portion of it since it's going to be the box, the base and everything.
Then I can build the rest, but since I haven't decided on that first part because I keep changing my mind,
it's kind of where I'm stuck at the moment.
Soon.
My FU of the week goes to the fact that the weekend went by so fast.
I need another three-day weekend soon.
I really enjoy my job and everything, but I really enjoy weekends.
So I need another three-day weekend soon.
I actually might be taking one, because Shane is really trying to convince me.
And you know Shane in convincing, but he's really trying to convince me to take a Friday off to go do the Mass Effect ride at Great America.
And I kind of want to do it.
I want to, but I can't get my Friday off. I tried.
Ugh. Man.
All right. I've got to address this in chat over at live.vognetwork.com before we get to our last couple stories here,
because some folks are wanting to correct me when I'm talking about that the Wii is the biggest console of all time.
Some folks in chat saying it was the PlayStation 2, it was the PlayStation 2.
Various folks saying that.
And to be fair, I don't have the sites in front of me, and I may be confusing the whole fact that Wii Sports is the biggest game of all time
against that, so if I'm, you know, losing the numbers game there, then fine.
I would say in the context of my argument, though, ultimately it doesn't matter,
because you look at what the Wii sold, especially for last generation next to the 360 and the PlayStation 3,
and I still think my points are somewhat valid. It doesn't really change the context of my argument.
But I will, okay, maybe I made a boo-boo and the PlayStation 2 is bigger.
I thought when you factored in the US and Europe, the Wii still outsold it.
I mean, I would totally get that the PlayStation 2 outsold it in Japan, but whatever, I don't want to...
I trust you guys, so whatever, I just want to get that out there.
Let's see, what else in chat over at live.funknetwork.com.
There was another one I wanted to show here.
Dr. Tsuya said, I think Nintendo is definitely trying to get the NX right.
I mean, instead of releasing it now and next to nothing like they had on the Wii U,
they're just going to forfeit this holiday and launch next spring.
Bobby Blackwolf says, just because we hardcore don't like the system doesn't mean it wasn't massively successful.
Oh, I know the other part. Oh, this one from an anonymous user in our chat room says,
the Wii was the best-selling console that nobody played after they'd owned it for a month.
Yes, but you do understand in the context of things, that doesn't really matter, right?
Because Nintendo still got the money.
Without a new Excite Truck game, come on.
You want an Excite Truck game on NX?
Excite Truck game.
That would actually be awesome.
Not Excite Bots. Excite Bots was totally wrong. That is in the wrong direction.
Minigames are not something that's involved in a racing game. Excite Truck was awesome.
I will say, though, to that comment's credit and so forth, and to what ultimately happened with the Wii,
it would be nice to see really strong first-party support that is planned out through a seven-year or so life cycle
so that it doesn't feel like all your biggest shit was in the first couple years and then that's it.
Like, the support just kind of died off for it.
Because the Wii was kind of expected to be carried by third parties at the end there,
and because the Wii was so successful, whether it outsold the PS2 or not, the Wii was so successful,
it had so many dumpy games on it.
There were so many dumpy games on the Wii, especially at the end of its life cycle.
So, hopefully less of that on the NX, but we will see.
Alright, let's get into a couple more news stories for you guys, and then we will open it up for calls.
1877 Game OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio. Loki.
So, there's a new Star Wars game in the works with EA, and it's being worked on by Respawn Entertainment,
the developers behind Titanfall. That's exciting.
Speaking of which, I wanted a Titanfall game, which I should be getting, hopefully, the way I just see her.
Or maybe early next year. But they're going to be working on it.
And it's because of the single-player campaign this time.
I thought Titanfall 2 was a given for this year's E3.
I'm hyped for that. And Battlefield 1, even though, I mean, because the trailer looked awesome.
You know all I want out of E3, especially now the NX is out of the picture.
All I want is that new Mass Effect game.
That's a thing, too. Like, I mean, it's seriously, you know, with Nintendo, they're not going to have a whole lot releasing.
There's not a lot of focus being put on them. Like, that's why I think they...
I mean, Zelda's good and all, but they need something to kind of like show me...
Like, because, okay, cool. I'm excited for Zelda.
But how's it going to look on the Wii U versus like...
I mean, because porting the game through the Wii U that's on a PlayStation 4 is totally fucking different, you know?
How's it going to look between those two systems?
And also, what is the draw for the NX? What is it that's going to sell me this system?
What's the Wii Sports?
Well, no, not necessarily Wii Sports. What's like, how does it control?
What exactly is the hook? What's unique about this concept?
How does the game sell the hook? Wii Sports is a great example of how to sell the hook.
Nintendo Land, unfortunately, was a bad one. Anyway.
Although, well, here's before the angry emails and stuff, it wasn't necessarily that Nintendo or Nintendo Land was the bad one,
but, I mean, it's just like the minigame collection thing just didn't...
It didn't work the same way that it did in Wii Sports.
And I think, I just, I don't know, like, a lot of them, I think you needed too many people to really see how it worked.
I don't know. Anyway, I don't want to get into it.
I do have one more story for you guys, though, before I open up the Skype line.
And that is about the game Momotaru Densetsu.
Konami has announced that...
Hey, it's the little boy who came out of the peach.
That's right. Momotaru Densetsu is a title from Konami, of all places, so I guess this is something else they have,
is going to be coming out for 3DS, Wii U, PlayStation 4, 3, and PS Vita.
This was a board game style game, if you didn't know that.
It was last on the Nintendo DS. The last Momotaru Densetsu game was in 2012.
In the game, you can go around by ship, by rail, by plane, and you gain wealth by buying properties.
And you get rivals, like the god of poverty and so forth.
So, no idea what else with this game, but more information, I guess, is coming on a Denjin Gaka Nico Nico livestream on May 5th,
which actually would have already happened, but I didn't see any additional news that came out of it from there.
I didn't see a date or anything like that.
But there you go.
And yes, the main character actually wears a little peach on his hat, just in case you didn't know that.
There you go.
Alright, that's it. We're going to open up the Skype line right now. 1877 Game OLR, or our username on Skype.
You all have Skype on your smartphones and your game consoles and all that.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word, on Skype.
Loki, I don't know if you have any last minute stories you want to touch on while we wait for some calls here.
No, slow news week is slow.
Yeah, it was a little bit slow. I mean, there were some big stories, but overall it was a little slower.
I have had time at work now since I'm doing stuff that's data entry related, so I can listen to the podcast.
So, I have listened to all of the episodes of guys on the show.
Oh, god. When are you going to come on and guest?
I don't know. At some point. The problem is, it's hard for me to record during the week because I have to put the kids to bed.
So, that means I'm not available until after 8.
I understand. What was your favorite episode of guys on the show?
Let's see. I'm trying to think.
Did you hear the recent one with trolling?
Yeah, I did listen to the recent one. The trolling episode one.
I'm trying to think. Yeah, that's tough. Let's see.
Probably the... I'm trying to think what was the most interesting one.
It was... I'll say this. My personal favorite so far was the furry one.
Yeah, that was interesting. I like that one.
I think that was the one where I was really like, okay, we learned something.
Yeah, that was pretty cool. I don't remember. There was another one. It was about...
Maybe it was the retro gaming one. I don't remember which one exactly.
That's fun too. We're looking forward to doing more. It's a fun show.
Unfortunately, we were out for a couple weeks between the whole thing that I was going through with the personal issues.
And then with... Extover was sick one week, so we couldn't do it that week.
We were going to do the trolling thing last week, but we couldn't do it.
But thankfully, Parman and Princess Irene were able to reach out.
Yeah, the problem is I don't know what... If I were to be on the show, I have no idea what my special interests would be.
We need to talk about laser tag experiences from back in the day or something.
I think we need to tell laser tag stories and how Loki would bring back the laser tag world.
I think that would be a thing.
Or building a main cab is something Bobby is saying there in chat. We'll see.
Anyway, let's get to the Skype line. We got a call coming in. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Raginator.
You don't know your name. All right. Raginator, what's up, buddy?
For a second, I heard a little feedback and was hearing my own voice for whatever reasons.
That got me off, but...
Sorry about that. Well, what's on your mind tonight?
Yeah, I just want to touch on something that Dr. Sakura kind of mentioned in a brief passing during her FUs of the week.
The recent Star Wars sale that's been going on.
I was wondering if any of you have bought any of the Star Wars games since they've been on sale since the 4th.
Nope.
I've glanced over the PlayStation Network stuff a few times, but I'm like, ehhhhh.
I'm just... I don't know. I'm like, I'll buy it and they won't play it.
Yeah, I've been there, done that, bought like three or four of the games from Steam already, and I haven't touched...
Well, aside from one, I haven't touched the rust yet, so...
My biggest problem, which is both bad news and good news, is that I pretty much already have them all.
So there's nothing new for me to get suckered into buying, because I already frickin' bought them at some point.
I want to say there was a Humble Bundle not that long ago that had a lot of the Star Wars stuff in it, so...
I have those, and I have not played any of them.
Yeah, well, in reference to what Sky just said, no, I would say Steam Horror, but that would be like the Pac-Man and the Kettle of Black, so...
But on a semi-related note, the same sales going on over on Good Old Games, and there's one game on there that's not currently on Steam,
which happens to be Star Wars Shadows of the Empire, which I never knew there was a PC version, but I'm definitely familiar with the N64 version.
And first thing in the morning, as soon as I put a couple bucks into my bank account, so it's not too late by then,
definitely going to go pick that game up, if only for nostalgia's sake.
But, yeah, I did pick up three or four games from Steam already, including Rose Quarter 3D, I've been playing that off and on all day.
Still pretty fun, exactly like how I remember on the N64.
Yeah, I like going back and visiting some of those retro classics.
You know, on the PlayStation 4, they have Super Star Wars, and that was kind of fun to go back and replay.
Just as hard as I remember! At least I was able to clear the first couple levels, and then it all goes to shit.
But, yeah, it's fun to revisit some of that stuff.
Yeah, ironically though, in terms of the retro Star Wars games, especially those that were originally on the Super Nintendo,
I had Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi, but I never had the original Super Star Wars, though.
This is the one that I missed out. Was that any good, though?
Yeah, but if you've played the other ones, you kind of have a sense, it's very similar.
They're all very similar, but obviously the first game follows a little more of the plot of the first movie.
But if you like the other games, of course you're going to like the first one as well.
They're all really solid platforming games.
I will say, though, if you're doing that whole gaming on a budget thing, don't forget the Old Republic, their MMO is free.
So, that might be a Star Wars game worth checking out, too.
In fact, I do think it's a pretty solid MMO, and worth your time if you're into the Star Wars universe, would be the Old Republic.
Yeah, definitely keep that in mind.
Now, what to consider is, even though I'm unemployed and therefore have a lot of free time,
I still have a considerable scheme library that's not even taking consideration to dollar services like Good Old Games, Origin, and all that.
So, trying to fit all those schemes I have in is proving to be a little bit of a task.
That makes sense.
Alright, well, you know what? I don't know how I have the time for games sometimes.
And then I find that when I do game, I'm playing the same games, which I don't think is such a bad thing.
I still love Diablo and Final Fantasy XIV, these games, but it does sometimes cut into my availability to play other games.
But I do try to force myself at least once a week to play something new.
And for nothing else, so I have something to talk about on the show.
Yeah, appreciate you talking about it here, because, I mean, like I was saying, I've got a decent-sized library.
And as you can probably see, if you're looking to steam on a regular basis, I'm usually playing the same game over and over again,
despite having that decent-sized library, that game being mentioned too far in 2014, so I know the feeling.
A good game is a good game, and if you honestly like the game, you're going to return to it constantly.
So that's pretty much a good thing.
Yeah, nothing wrong with that.
Alright, Rage Nator, I'm going to let you go so we can try to squeeze in another call, but thanks for the call.
Sure, have a nice night.
You too, take care.
1877-GAME-OLR, or username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word.
And as a reminder, if you've never called before, please give Echo123 a call on Skype before you give us a call,
just to make sure your connection's working and all that stuff.
You'll get the nice little British lady that says, hello, welcome to Skype call testing service.
That's not quite right.
Not quite right, I gave it my best shot.
Anyway, any other last minute stories you want to mention, Loki?
I guess I can mention this, it's not really that important, but apparently there's a fun little bit that's been going around
about how Pornhub has noticed an 800% boost in Overwatch porn searches since the beta's come out.
What characters? Winston?
I can only assume, yes.
Touched by a Winston.
Oh, lord, alright.
That's something.
Does any Overwatch porn actually exist?
Rule 34, right?
Yeah, somebody drew it and it's posted on Tumblr, I'm sure.
I'm sure that there's already 3D models that have been extracted and there's gonna be...
Has there been actually filmed porn with people dressed up in the cosplay?
Is there like a Final Fuck X?
And yes, that is a real thing.
Which is just basically a cosplay show where, by the way, there's fucking.
Is that a thing? No?
Yeah, I don't think so.
Anyway, well, I guess the phones are not really ringing, so that's that for calls tonight.
Let's see, SSG100Matt says, oh god, I just searched and yes, it's a thing.
That'll teach ya.
And Rama says, it's not out yet.
Probably soon.
Tigerclass says, probably images of people shipping Winston and Tracer.
You know what, I'm not gonna judge.
Not gonna judge.
I'm not gonna look at it, but I'm not gonna judge.
I guess that is gonna do it for another episode of Orange Lawn Tradeout.
Believe it or not, a little bit early.
Again, a little bit of a shorter show this week, but probably because the news cycle is a little bit slower, especially as we get into E3 more and more.
Especially since some of these companies aren't fucking talking about their stupid games.
Or they don't have games to come out.
We'll try to get some interviews in the coming weeks or something to fill a little more time here.
We have some more stuff to talk about as we wait for E3 and whatever we're gonna get out of that show.
At least from Sony and Microsoft if nothing else.
But anyway, that is gonna do it for another episode of Orange Lawn Tradeout.
Thank you guys so much for listening.
I actually saw some new people in chat tonight or some names I didn't recognize.
So thank you very much for being here.
I really appreciate that.
And I hope you enjoyed being here live.
And if you like what you heard here at the show, I always tell this every week.
Please just tell a friend or five about the show.
Help spread the word.
Because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But we can't use those voices if you don't give them to us.
So thank you in advance.
Really appreciate that.
It's time to go around and give everybody's final thought for the night.
Dark Sakura, welcome back.
Great to have you here.
And we'll see you next time.
What's your final thought tonight?
I miss burritos.
You know, we're done early enough.
Chipotle's probably still open.
I guess I could get a burrito bowl.
I have a goal.
And it is that core set.
Ah. Good times.
I got a mic to drop at GamerX and I'll leave it at that.
All right. Fair enough.
My final thought for the night.
I want to congratulate my partner of the past six years, Allen.
Got his driver's license this week at the age of 37.
Which I know you guys might be thinking.
In a row.
Isn't that a little bit late?
And my answer is it is.
First, he grew up in a big city where you don't need a car to get around.
And second, it's never too late.
And that just kind of proves that.
In fact, he had said tonight.
Why don't I just drive to the store?
Because he's home from work this week.
He's like, why don't I drive to the store and go get Pinkberry?
Or why don't I drive out and get Pinkberry during the show?
And I'm like, why didn't you?
Why? Why?
Because he's too busy playing Dark Souls in the other room.
He just like randomly.
Not Dark Souls three.
Dark Souls one.
But I bet he will finish the trilogy by year's end.
But I still think that's really awesome.
And big congratulations.
He passed it the first time.
Did you know they don't do scores now?
Because I asked him, what was your score?
And he's like, I don't know.
I'm like, what do you mean you don't know?
They tell you your score right at the end.
Now it's you're allowed.
They have a checklist.
You're allowed to make 15 mistakes.
What?
Why should you be allowed to make more than five?
Right?
It's 15 mistakes you can make.
He made two.
Which was, I guess he did one that was like too wide of a turn.
And whatever.
You murdered four people.
So you had 11 more people you could murder.
It's like Carmageddon.
He just, he hit two things.
I mean, I would think that, that, I mean, in everyday driving, yeah, sometimes you might
forget to signal, which I don't.
Because I'm perfect.
You should never forget the signal.
I said, which I don't because I'm perfect.
And some people may speed or go a little, go a lot too slow.
You know, people make mistakes.
Some people get in the wrong lane and they decide they, oh, I really do need to cut across
all these lanes to make a right turn.
That should be an automatic fail.
That should be an ejector seat in your car.
Instead of just like, okay, if you made the rough, you're in the wrong fucking lane, make
a U-turn and then correct your mistake instead of like, oh, I need to go this way.
Why aren't you guys letting me in?
That should be an ejection seat from the car with an automatic pile of manure, you know,
to cushion your fall in the shittiest way possible.
Literally, literally.
You are evil.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's see.
I'm looking at our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
This is awesome.
MXC in chat says this news inspires me to get my license finally as well.
That's awesome.
I will pass that word along to Alan if he's not listening in the other room while he's
driving.
Um, and then Dungeon Buster said, 15 mistakes.
No wonder drivers today are garbage.
I don't need a signal.
Turns across three layers and angers traffic.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's see what else in chat.
Um, as Joe and Hunter Matt says, Alan is doing burnouts and parking lots.
He has to experience teenage driving and Raginator says, in fairness, sky, I'm 38, nearly 39
and I never had a driver's license.
Okay.
I saw in chat, somebody really wanted to call and for some reason it didn't show up.
So I'm going to take care of this really fast.
So let's get to it higher on orange on radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Sherlock.
Hey, you know, you're really special because I let you call in after the buzzer.
So, um, we'll get to it fast.
What's up, buddy?
Uh, I'm a victim of delay, I guess.
Um, um, yeah, the reason I'm calling now is because, uh, I'm kind of going to be not around
for a couple of weeks, but, uh, I wanted to talk about a very,
very, very important Kickstarter that's going on right now.
Please go for it.
Uh, it's for a game called colors and basically it's a, you know,
turn-based RPG that is, you know, it's going to be for, you know,
it's like a normal RPG, you know, uh, everyone can play it, but, uh,
also, uh, accessibility is being built into it from the outset.
Which you would think more games would just, I don't know,
consider accessibility from the outset, wouldn't you think?
Wouldn't you think that should be the day and age that we live in?
Yeah. Well, I mean,
But I know now, now all our listeners may not be aware, but you,
you yourself are a blind gamer.
So accessibility issues are obviously of great importance to you as a gamer.
What kinds of accessibility thing is colors doing that makes you so enthused
that you have to tell us about it? Because obviously this is doing something right.
Uh, screen reader support, um, screen readers are how, you know,
us blind people use computers basically.
And they basically let our computers talk.
And, uh, so basically this will enable the game to, uh,
interface with screen readers in a way where the text will be read, um,
automatically as it comes in, uh, including, uh, menus and stuff.
Um, so this is actually unprecedented for a game like this.
I can't believe that this is like uncharted territory.
This doesn't seem difficult. Is somebody that's creating this have an accessibility need?
Or is this just like, no, we just actually thought to consider more people?
Um, yeah, no, she just, she has a lot of blind friends that play games.
And so she was just like, yeah, you know what? Um, I, I want to do this.
Actually, she started off, um, making a, an accessible port of, uh,
Pokemon, kind of built from scratch, called Braillemon.
Uh huh.
And, um, so yeah, she was kind of well known in the, uh, audio games community.
Audio games are, you know, basically games that are designed specifically for, uh, blind people.
Uh, basically just using all sound.
But, uh, so yeah, and now, uh, she's, uh, moved on to this, uh, colors game.
And, uh, the, uh, see, the thing that bugs me about this is that she's using Kickstarter,
which if she doesn't get all her funding, you know, she doesn't get any of that money.
Right.
And she's asking for 30 grand and just like, oh man, that's a tall order.
It's a big bar.
It's like, you know, if it doesn't end up working out, take it over the Indiegogo or something like that.
Yeah, she can always try something else or, you know, maybe if the right, if the right eyes or ears find this, you know, um,
that Mighty No. 9 company did a second Kickstarter. What was that called? The Red Ace? Was that what it was called?
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah, something like that.
Red Ash, I think it was.
That's it. Thank you. Red Ash.
And then a lot of people were pissed off actually at this because a company came in and was like, oh, we're just going to fund it.
So you never know. I mean, in this case, you know, I hopefully won't piss people off, but, you know, maybe somebody,
if the right ears or eyes find this, then maybe she'll get what she needs. Hopefully, hopefully, hopefully.
All right. Well, thank you for spreading the word. And if nothing else, just reminding us, accessibility, it's important.
Yeah. Um, so hopefully this will, uh, get funded and cause RPGs are my favorite genre.
And, uh, so this will be like the first, because the thing I really, really want to do with this is, um, you know,
I'd like to be able to like stream it on Twitch and be able to play it with the, you know, same degree as everybody else.
I think that's, uh, that's not an unreasonable request. I hope you get to do it.
Yeah.
All right. Take care, my friend. I'm going to let you go.
Sorry to, uh, sorry to make you bring this guy back up.
You know what? That's okay. I knew, I knew whatever you called in would be something worth mentioning, so I appreciate it.
All right. Thanks, man.
All right. Take care. Bye.
Yep. Bye.
Uh, all right. Now, now the Skype line is really done because, uh, I really let that one in under the buzzer.
But I know, yeah, I guess some people get delay, some don't. I think it just depends on your connection at home.
Some people get on the wifi and it ends up buffering it a little more.
But anyway, so to recap, we were doing final thoughts. Dark Sakura wants a burrito. I wanted to congratulate Alan.
But we didn't do Loki. Loki, your final thought this week?
Uh, my final thought is there's all these stores that I was going to go look for a controller and are closed.
I guess they start closing game stops now at six on Sundays. So.
Really?
Yeah. So they're all closed too.
So much for that. So much for that.
Oh, well.
Oh, well. All right. Well, uh, good luck, Loki. Try not to break people's eardrums next week. I hope you find the controllers.
Uh, maybe fries tomorrow or something. All right. That's going to do it.
Thank you guys so much for listening to the show. Really appreciate it.
Have a wonderful week. We will see you next time here on orange lounge radio. Good night.
Or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.